You know what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can see you as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and never no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and pills.
And you know that an epiphany is usually something that fell into some place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's a picture of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolivia.
It's the kind of complicated circle of which I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in State, Ohio where I was the kind of weird of class.
In which they went to bleeding every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life when he allowed me to go into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night, I got a phone call of that teacher, Mr. Post he said, "I need to look at it.
I'm disillusioned that adults never come to meet.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've found already.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to get away with this please."
Well, the next day we were at Cleveland.
We went to see, we laugh, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we interviewed it, and we take care of it, and we take care of her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to me, he became a center box and he was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed on, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was made in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her one.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that it was talking about this today.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature, and it's all interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first pills.
I was amazing.
My heart catch fast, I was straight, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The tors around me suspected the water about 60 feet -- and I couldn't even think that it was about a snow of snow on another snow of snow year after year.
The pills are born when they get rid of the glaciers or they break out ice barriers.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are denied to lead and they hang up to the end, while others can't support it more and demonstrate in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, by looking at a toxic, which are separate and alone, largely as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But reality is all opposite.
As a iceberg is, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a toxic releases a pill releases rich fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these kids as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments exist in that way and they won't exist that way again.
It's not death when they melt down. It's not an end, but a continuation of its way for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the times that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I would like to show you are from a iceberg that I photographed in Keblecks, Greek.
It's very unlikely to actually get a regular pillar.
Here it is.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts robust, the boat has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a pillar of Greek, average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so now, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one of a meeting a baby. Okay.
So, two couples every one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of the conception, because if you stop thinking about the conception.
Think about it for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X corporate X compass.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm joined the X corporate X.
They both come and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my own activity I will fulfill two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of the anatomy of the anatomy of the anatomy of the anatomy, in one of my roles work.
I'm a training historian and what I study in this case is the way people tackling the anatomy -- -- to say, human bodies and animals -- how they consider the body fluid, the idea of the body, what they've thought about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is the activist, as a patient advocate or, as I say sometimes -- improvisation of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with smallpox twins, two people inside the same body.
I've worked with people with encouraging, much lower than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with athletic sex, individuals whose physical touch didn't fit in the male schemes and female females.
In general lines, we can call it interrogation.
Intriguing is a lot of forms.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in the male or female forms of female.
For example, there is the case of the individual compassion with X-ray whose SRS gene gene -- and he tells the prototypes, that we all have in the fecal life, that become technologies.
And then, in the fecal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone. The body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of infrastructure to advertisements.
So there are high levels of testosterone.
As a consequence, the body develops following a completely female course.
When the baby is born, the baby has a little bit of child.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not the way to puberty, when it's growing and developing the benefits, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something's going on.
After making it tests you realize that instead of having ovarian and territory, you actually have testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think of a man, but it's actually not like that.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called superintendace glands.
They're in the bottom of the body.
Superconductor glands produce advertisements, the hormone hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- don't know their crashing structure, I think it's going to be a typical woman, most women like me are sensitive to advertisements.
We produce advances and respond to adversarians.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the adventures that the woman who was born with testicles that have the synchronization syndrome to adversarials.
That's why sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the interactions are in the middle of the spectrum, in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19 year-old boy born and raised as a variety, had a girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, carried a life as a boy and had just discovered that he had vertical and territory.
He had an extreme way of a disease known as a sudden high-speed hypothetic.
He had 2010 corporations, and in the suit of surface glands were so active that essentially they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their generals were male marketers, their brain was exposed to the thermodiles that are typically male male.
He was born with a child as a child, no one was suspicious anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started to have medical problems caused by internal message, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interrogation.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what is known as oxygen, which is, have organic tissue wrapped into standard tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are lots of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- -- are endangered, system twins, or international surgery -- they resemble normal surgery is not so that we can afford a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why they stay to various surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, it's supposed to be black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with category.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept of individual.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born like two people within a body.
The smallest case is last year with the South Africa Carload Seat, and it was put in a trial of judgment in the International Georges in Berlin.
A lot of journalists called to ask me, "What are you going to do to determine whether Darwin Sem is man or woman?
And I had to explain to journalists that don't exist such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a dirty line between men and women or between men and international and international women and women and international -- we're all of us who trace that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more we move the science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- we thought were stable anatomic categories that correspond directly with stable identical categories -- are much more difficult than we thought about.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that happens much more complicated than the terminology enables it.
As we see, we get into a rough terrain.
Let's see, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to think about from the fact that it was in just a few nuclear?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the methods of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights to the females.
There are very valuable discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to break them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if he moved still didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it wrong.
But today we can say, for example, extract vital organs of a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequence, we have to face the dilemma of really determining somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you may think that this explosion of categories could make someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, defending people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it puts me nervous.
To consider that these categories are much more unstable.
It takes from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I am an adaptation of the Forest parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexually, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, which I find every so much watching that music cure 117 and not for music, which is totally completely.
That's what happened in 1767 with the founding parents.
The Foundation parents went to me, the first activists in the anatomy and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remember, what our parents were rejected was the idea of monorchler. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth right.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to political power for the right blood right from the grandmother, and then the son, etc.
Parents Foundation rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomic differences that was very radical.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an illustration system that they were getting out of two things.
The democracy was stripping and the science was born.
And it's very clear -- if we look at the history of the Farmers Faithry, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were distributed from the supernatural explanations and so they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by this idea of a range of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of independence, talk about nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence they were getting the idea of the anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were sitting in the future of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women were translating.
Then I came up with the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from Southern Tree Calter, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men on the lines of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color who would exploit the anatomic coincidence of the anatomic difference, and again, they translated.
We see the same with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the coincidence we have to start asking why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic division in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish to the same rights as a human.
I don't mean we had to give us to the anatomy.
I don't mean that the five year-old kids should allow them to have sex relationships or marry them.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense and I think we should maintain it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keeping them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two blocks at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them advertised in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
So imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before time, December 1, 1980.
Henry, in the contrary, was born in term, was born on March 1 in 1980.
For the fact that I was born three months before Mary was attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because he has a different biological age, but because he was born.
We found other roots in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered a man -- if I haven't told you whether it's X, in virtue of being considered a man now is possible from the mandatory entropy that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Marriage, for its part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage than Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So you still see anatomical categories that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science gets so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a device based on the anatomy could demonstrate?
I don't want to give up the science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is drawn to us.
Where do we go?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude, "Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example: Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man don't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman, you have to have chromosome.
Now, in practice they don't do chemical exams.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the insight syndrome to advertisements.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "It has done a solution.
It says that we should judge people based on the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, going beyond the anatomy of their career.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea looks very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their career?
I want to point out also that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to deliver people rights, because I have to admit that I know from some of the relatives that probably deserve the social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some labs I know can make more informed decisions, smart and mature about their sexual relationships than people from 40 to know.
So how do you put in practice the subject of the care content.
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of one person could in the future be measured with an instrument, maybe with magnetic resonance to it.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still driving this current thinking about the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like Iranian in which a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to be willing to get a sex change, in which case it allows you to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had done to give birth twins to then separate them and so on and so on.
But when the phone asked him the reason for operating -- it was a very risky operation, he told me that in that other country, these kids would be very materially materially married, and so I had to do it.
And I said, "Well, have you considered the political asylum.
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who are without forcing them to change for the sake of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical, for a feminist -- and I think there can be different ideas from different anatomic types, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in intriguing, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that have been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the transformative studies is that women on average, not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to take care of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the graduate school, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I was considered feminist -- I was like now -- it made me a strange plant?
"Tell me what the feminist has about female."
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
Female has to do with rid of the gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the female."
But the more I've thought about his question, the more that there has been something female in the female.
I mean, there might be something in average, something different between the female and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very happy to find a way to protect people in the state of the state, it is possible that, to have injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we'd have enriched the concept of protection with record support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy, to think less about the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, let's think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rebuild how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world tens of hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if they've never thought about new cities.
But they're just going to replace it by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were properties and the other half would still be missing to do it.
You could try to increase the capacity by making excited buildings in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the money and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those excited.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building, and when the rules of that place make the construction instead of putting it in.
So I proposed that governments create new energy zones in order to contain cities and give them a name: cities under status.
I later learned that more or less at the same time, Jane and October were thinking about the challenge of refugee Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 horses would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Harvard went through a destructive constitutional crisis.
In the next regular election, Pest Loud is actually imposed with a platform where it promises reforms and at the same time.
He asked Olympic to be his head of congestion.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDWording.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of users with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of low cities at its most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all of the current restrictions of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need so much of technologies as the rules to progress. And it's usually the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him to October a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Jane.
They called me.
They said, "Let's introduce this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of land in a place like New York City, look at the ground, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Pale, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a high city is a place where you start with the services that are started with the streets that are going to be applied there and an option so that people can choose if they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of Hongunours called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our country to move forward.
He asked me to go to Telecommunication, and I would talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denny, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denny.
Just this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the drivers that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that is at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applaud currently claim.
The public faces were very serious and attack.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat and showed the TEDTalk.
And this one explained the essentials that a new city can offer new options for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you could go in Hong Honeybees, rather than hundreds of miles away north.
And it will also include new options for leaders.
Because the Hong government leaders needed help of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that helped them to establish and make the state of the statue, so they could all rely on that the state is effectively filled.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could be easily about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after the 19th of January, they voted in Congress to send their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed these special development regions.
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional light was 124 to one.
All the parties in society, all the factors in society, they responded.
To include the Constitution -- you have to try twice in Congress.
On February 17, again in another vote, from 141 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the 21 to February 24, a depression of about 30 horses went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is building in South Korea, it's bigger than the Boston center.
All you see there was built in four years, after I spent four years of getting the penguins.
The other interested country in the construction of cities is Singapore.
In fact, you have built two cities in China, and you're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come in, and then they would allow to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow your Supreme Court to be the last instant trial for this new judicial system.
There are urbanism and cities of cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know they've already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies who wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are many people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediate to another place.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go to get a job -- sometimes are solar mothers that have to earn the money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even kids who are trying to meet with their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it look like to think about building a new city in Hongunours?
Or build a dozen of these, or will you have a hundred of these around the world?
What does it look like to think about insisting so that families can choose between several cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my horrible friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesse, and this is my magnitude.
But before you show you what there is inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it's that I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, to photograph and publish in my blog suit and colored and different ones for each other.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of film markets and second hand stores.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my dramatic in the environment and in my bill.
I get to know some interesting people -- usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique, and buying it becomes my personal search search for you.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Will it be from my screen?
Will I like the color.
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to my magnificent, I want to tell you what I made for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do someone do all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought up.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
Expert internal for exactly a week is all I've put on my magnitude.
I imagined that it would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after I got here to Palm Professors.
And since you don't know me as the woman walking for TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the set for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called brilliant tiger to this.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You almost always see for less than 50 dollars.
All the together, including the jacket, took me 50, and it's the most expensive thing I have used in the week.
Monday, color is energy.
It's almost impossible to be a bad mood, when you're wearing a brilliant red panel.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is self-dependent.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to try to get myself in.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you won't only understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Rives: Wow of the child you take inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the designers, or I remember them at their little seven years.
I like to smile and say, "Thank you.
Jevers," trust is key.
If you think you see it with something, it's almost safe you are.
And if you think you don't see yourself with something, it's probably also true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and external person, there's no look you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anyone from this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday Vietnamers: A universal truth six words for you: The golden lengths are going with everything.
And finally, saving, I will develop a personal style and only a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people were approaching me this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this is not going to go into my little mallery.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn about this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to stay emotionally to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant spirit, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we were using a scale to measure each hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who's completely logical about.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where do you take your brain on this scale?
Some of them would take one of these ends, but I think for most of the integrations in this audience, your brain is something like this, with a big attitude in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they are mutually exclusive.
You can be logic and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, which just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need enough logic to deal with these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need enough intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We have to play with them, and then we see how they react to them, and then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
And certain intuition that you can have developed over the course of years is the one that says that one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, they developed.
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking bar.
He was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, he always fell down.
But I bet to play with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson -- and it is that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they remain in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars -- they play with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called the quantum mechanics theory.
And at that point we found the physics a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But it didn't need to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
That is, I never saw a particle at all.
But it didn't fit well to my logical part.
Because if everything is made out of small particles, and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
And that's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand it a little bit. It's just in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the small metal trick.
What we see is a little piece of metal -- with a picture of the photography and it stands up on a platform.
And then I did this almost in the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this little bit with a piece of swimming swimming that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum supercomputer, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up to do those things, because I don't want them to bother or actually freak out.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that stretches and the wind that happens to their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers out.
And that's what we did.
We turned out the lights, then we introduced a vacuum and we removed all the air, and then we cooled it to a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, by being just on the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating, and the way that I was vibrating was like a breath in this way -- as a force that expands and gets over.
And by giving a smooth push, we could make it evolve and not vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean to be a thing that would come up with a thing at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillion atoms that make that piece of metal are still, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain instant when those are lined up.
In the rest of time they're declared.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth going on a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the scale in scale between one atom and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that metal period.
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why not you too?
I mean, it's my logical part of it.
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was delivered in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we looked at the lights and we looked inside the box, and we saw that the metal kept there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all of the objects on the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are simply made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are. And that's the profound burden of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amil.
And 18 months ago I did another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and allowed me to take it to me.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, you know, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on demo.
There are a lot of stories from why we did.
I think my own story is just explaining in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
Google of a great education -- I didn't complain me, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums. I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than I show the demo and then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've carried out of their launch.
So simply we go to Gorilgria.
Look around all the museums there are.
There's the Facebook gallery, the Mommary, the Tricket, the Ricards, the Van Goggle.
I actually go into one of my favorites to the Metropole, the New York Art museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and fallen, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay, or Michigan, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and they fulfill.
Do you want to navigate the museum.
We opened the plane up there, and with a single click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
They go ahead and go ahead and diverted."
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Carters of Pieter Brandach in the Metropole.
I see sign + zero.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the data data.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the giant technology.
So this picture, for example, contains -- I think, about 10,000 million pixels pressure.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 millions of picks?
So I'll show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels in it.
It can run around very simple ways.
You see funny things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to depend.
So I began to play, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this looks interesting.
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I went down a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropole, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "mentally, which is to hit an area with a stick, the Tuesday Mars.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to step even deeper and see that you can actually get even the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take away the image, you really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing to come, a second.
So now we're rapidly going to jump back to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorite, "The night strangers."
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the papers?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this same teacher?
And it goes up and really does it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "the night starting: I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Collectives."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a crank -- that gives you the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call "The power of the "Are -- we just made a zoo around us.
It's about "The "Metrics National Gallery in London.
You can notice things, send them to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel about the contemplating of these masterpieces in the table.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all the incredible things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that has been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium to make justice to its work of art and it's represented properly online.
And the big question that they do today is, "Do you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum -- "You know?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pickle, a flying pick.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am an Italian origin, all the children in Italy grow with this picture in the wall of their dorm -- but the reason I show you this is that something really interesting happened in Frank 1 in the last two decades.
There is some time ago, if you wanted to win a Christmas one, you would take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what in engineering is called the control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components, a sensor and an accident.
What's interesting today is that control systems in real time are starting to enter in our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming a free air computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accidentally.
Controlling cities is a big thing.
As I noticed I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these skills and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Palestine Anthony for the late year at MoMA during the summer.
It's called "The Tomato Tomoron: The NGO.
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to us.
It's kind of like almost all of the existing atoms became sensors and actives.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In some sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo Michael.
You know, when Michelangelo chose the Moses, he says that at the end he took the hammer, and he threw it to the Moses -- you can still see a little box under -- and he said "I screaming, "Peer no painter?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insist on the idea of capturing the environment and action.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer hopefully 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup Came.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end of the Sixth Zimbabwe gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of Italy.
Now let's look at what happened that day looking at activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the College in the middle and the Terrifying River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The line is at the top.
On the early evening there are people over here and there making calls -- moving around.
It starts the party started?
Gold from France. Gold from Italy.
Extraordinary, people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the regulatory.
First extra time. second.
Video, and at a moment, the head.
He won Italy, yeah.
That night everybody went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day everybody went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of that.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Masaline, where the Roman period, people will celebrate. It's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how we can measure the pulse of the city in a way we wouldn't have been able to do a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection, it's not about people, but of things that we use and consume.
Today we know everything about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they assemble it.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed a few small tags to track the trash in its shift by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were throwing out, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of you are going to go.
And then we put a little chip and we put a team, a tag, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results of it.
Stop from Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are many choices in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
It's happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think we think is that if you look at every day that the cup.
That if the plastic bottle that we run is still there.
If we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Association Bible, could tell us much more about detection and many other cool things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zarker.
It all started with a question of the city of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a heat and the valves -- vegetables of soldiers, legs that open and shut down.
It's created like a water curtain with water.
If you fall out the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when we zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can happen, as you see in the image.
We presented this to Mayor Bell.
He liked a lot.
And I developed a commission to design the building at the entrance of the Explo.
We call it Digital Water Palti.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows but when you approach it so you can go through.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the claims, you lower the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days there will always be somebody in the winter, when they go down the roof, someone who was there and said, "Deliver the building.
No, it's not that they have demolished it, but when it goes down almost all the architecture disappears.
This is working.
You see the people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am myself trying not to be able to show by testing the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Zarkasda came to the building because the way to interact a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me go by, but a building that kept doing short and holes of water, and you had to jump to not move.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about use people to give us to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is an image of the building with physical pixels -- water pixels and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that you could have little helicopter in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, that moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
Sort of a flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, in which it changes the light, not the position of the pickle.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appeared in different scales and size, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D where you can zoom in, and you can go back, and see from very diverse angles.
This is the real Florida completely controlled flower, going down to form a Viewe, like before.
When you turn the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolt -- one of the best whale dancers today, the New York City star and the Millennium Square -- to capture their movements in 3D and use them as input for the Flumo.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can go through the whole way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible input for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of clouds -- like the grain of grain -- but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody give you a little bit for a pickle.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened over the last couple of years is that, in the last two decades, we go from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us -- we can go from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do we go from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage to do this together in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud they're prestigent.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered pressure.
You can move inside, having different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can climb up, as a new top of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital farm at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than what they are?
Suppose I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in better ways, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and certain of themselves?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe it's those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like it?
What would you like to, if you could choose something?
Audience: Creativity. Creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
You probably owe the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of you choose the memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most of them makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have something about this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a topic here at TED conference, but today I want to give you a look at a doctor on the subject.
The great genocide in the 20th century, TED. Double, who also completed in the Russian Organization Russian, wrote a trial called "No matter to the light of Evolution."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this: it's just about the past, or the future?
Does it mean to others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well on an extreme one, is, of course, the most interested us.
We went from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interview there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of humanitarians.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually most of the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like the human insulin, but it's the same protein, chemically individual, from the pancreas coming out.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take on the most bacterial gut than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think -- when Antonio Maries raises the supply of supplying -- they think of bacteria -- they think of bacteria?
The gut is a wonderful hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, shelter, it's very embracing.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without any effort of your parts.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional interaction of some force force to the output.
But for another, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential to our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what would the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or will we become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast incompassion of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as only one and unique companies, and human life, a small note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I went into college, I had my first kind of biology.
He was fascinated by choice and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to two daughters daughter.
But when the molecular organisms come out, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that passes the genome, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitable death of the body death comes into evolution at the moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sex, sexually, death per sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I had more doubt.
I got to understand George Bureaus feelings, who was still acting in Las Vegas right now in his 90s, in his '90s.
And one night someone hit their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him is a magnificent light dancing dancer.
He looks at him and he says, "Go for a sex silk."
"It says "German, I choose the soup."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradiction, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and healthier.
Evolution is to spend the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like refugee rockets designed to send the genetic charge to the next orbital level, and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said, "I don't want to make the immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying."
Evolution not necessarily favors longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the stronger or the fastest and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors creatures better adapted to its environment.
That's the only proof of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the terrible bacteria that can survive the heat of the Muslims that would produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked into the vacuum, yet they've managed to do that a computer environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we think about the place of humans in evolution and, in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first one is we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that by medicine, first of all, we've been known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discovered and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've pushed our environment to be adapted to us as well as we adapt to him.
And by the way, we migrate, we challenge, and we are so flight that it is no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for that to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce traditional kind of evolution that is produced by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that evolution fluctuations are standing down, but they're insuling.
And in terms of alien, when as a species we colonize distant planets are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there is a third possibility, an attractive possibility and intriguing and frightening.
I call it a neuron, the new evolution, which is not simply natural, but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what is elected at the individual and family level.
Think about also that if it was able to be able to choose not just the sex of its offspring. But in its own body to do the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce cancer risk or remove the approve?
Would you not want to make those changes in your genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and I took 13 years.
It cost 2,000 million dollars.
The next year to end up in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost near 20 and a week.
It's not going to be a lot for you to get the human genome for 1,000 and get more and more in the scope of all.
They come up with those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity.
Believe or not there is an experimental trial in course with the influence against the influence in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That's reality today, and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just two other changes?
Can we change the cells of their bodies but if they could change the cells of their destruction?
What if they could change the sperm and the eggs, or change the fair fact, and give their children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating the hectare, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to adopt hyper-processing supercomputers, a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennies especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why don't we have a control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distributed?
Why not live more time?
This is going to be irrelevant.
And when we are in conditions to pass this into the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to have converted the evolution of before in the wild.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next hundred years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more versus?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing of all: Are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and to inherit the wisdom needed to make these decisions still?
For good or bad, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're 300 feet high.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine an engine by making clip, click, clip.
Climb, click, click, class. It sounds frightening.
Well, I had a single seat that day. I was sitting in the DNA.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assessments.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had already looked at the airplane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot emits the airplane with the Hudson River.
It's generally not the route.
It turned the engines off.
Imagine being in an airplane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most disappointed words I have heard.
He said, preparing for the impact.
I didn't have to talk more about flight assessment.
I could see it in your eyes.
Life was over.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to reach and I didn't do it, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that, I came up with a sentence, which is, "Collective wine bad."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that gravity, that purpose, really has changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we went through the George Washington Bridge -- which was not for a lot -- I thought, wow, I really feel a great period.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity I also give place to my ego.
And I regret the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as I measured in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels great.
I don't try to be right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental clock is going down, 16, 14 14, 13.
You see the water approved.
I'm saying, "Please fly."
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces like you see in those documents.
And as we were born, I had the feeling of, ooh, I don't fear fast.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness was embedded in a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
One month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade -- not a lot of artistic talent -- I still --    And I scream, crying, like a little bit.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
All over the world, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I was told a miracle, not to die that day.
And I got another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live differently.
You guys who are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please do not, but imagine -- and how do you change?
What do they do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How do they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that they can do?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked in was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDTalks.
TEDTalks was one of the most important graffiti graffiti in the 1980s.
And one day he came home after running and said, "Dad, I feel a bit of the legs."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
TEDTalks has a total paralysis, today.
It can only use the eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, the graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony and TEDTalks, and to his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and father and said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he'll be able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second is not that -- you see Stephen Hawking -- isn't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you can be important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do they communicate then?
Anyone to see the movie "The Scandal and the marine being?
They communicate in that way -- they go through the finger.
I said, "That's artist. How can it be?
So I presented to the only desire to get a check, and instead of that signed a shock that didn't have the slightest idea of how I was going to cover it.
I was engaged with her brother and her father there at the time, "All right, this is the treatment: Tony is going to talk to you, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside their inner can't communicate them."
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GMT "Grandmother Research Research, which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then, with a laser point, draw on that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come out, they say, they're part of a life cycle.
First they start with sexual organs, then with bad words, after the attacks to Bush and at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentation.
And so it started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization, and a lot of moving things from one side to another had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies, and we got a machine so that TEDTalk could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hacky.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it YouTube, because when I talk to the guy -- you get an email of it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy's fantastic.
The other thing we did was we brought seven programmers around the world literally from all the corners on the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved to the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and conservations and analogies took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and that when we go back there would have taken off the walls of the walls and in their place would have graffiti out.
But for two weeks we show, we went to the seal of Venice, my son was a part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Exhrategian -- and you can see the description of it.
These are a couple of cheap sales that we bought in the sealoon pass of Venice Beach, some copper wire and Homo Depardy and Radio Shakespeare.
We take a PIPA camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- they build it yourself. We published the free code, the software goes down in a free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital I can say "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDTalk room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room, and that's their room.
There was all this biology and oil during the big opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions of all night, Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and is looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital outside of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and you can imagine what was the feeling of the parking season.
The funny thing was that we had to run in the parking parking lot, so we felt like we were reading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I draw in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue me and pull me out of there so I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In some ways, that's our war screen.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing us.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong climbed something about us, and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best invented in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up the circle -- is that in April of this year at the GPS Bell in downtown Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "The Streets in the Streets."
And "Art in the Streets is going to have the best explorers in the urban art Bank, Sherk Faralist, CAOsted -- all of them are going to be there.
TEDTalks is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, I make it possible.
Nothing in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the North Creative Creative -- nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology, I simply recognized something, and I was associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we meet something that we feel to do -- if it's not now, when not now, when I'm not me, who?"
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in very difficult situations and at the same time a little dangerous.
I went to jail. difficult.
I worked in a coal mine. Danger.
And film in war zones -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been diving in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to try to look at social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyzing them in a way that looked at entities and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I was going to come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and pattern, I wanted to do something a little different.
So, some of you may have heard of it, or not, a couple weeks ago, I took an Elephant at Egg.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some of them in Twitter, I offered the rights of my TEDTalk in the name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What there was the following: "Audience Stone "Present, my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about what it is about, and according to how it could exploit it in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company by doing it.
But I said this, it's a very good medical opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Too much.
It's a title in progress.
So even with that sale I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've gotten in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be attended, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Scotland, I want to make a film that deals with product production, marketing and advertising, and that the whole film is funded with producing products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The largest movie ever sell.
What's happening in "The largest movie ever selled up is that everything from the top down to the bottom of the ground has market images, all the time, from the support that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Chamber Station, the State Center.
These people will be associated with the film to perpetrator forever.
And so the film explores all this idea -- Michael Kassass," is reductional. Is it what? MK: It's reductional -- at perpetrator, forever.
I'm a reductional season. MA: I just say that. It was more for a threat.
It was "Perpetration."
But we're not just going to have the patent of the X mark in the title but we're going to make sure that we have all the categories that we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoes you used to use.
The most cool car you've been driving in "The largest movie ever selled: the best suit you ever drink, cut out of "The largest film ever sell.
"Jason Kokol: The idea is then besides showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the film? MS: Make you fund the film. MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea, the whole film from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO helps make it happen.
Robert Fried: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Good: However, I don't know how recently people are going to be.
SK: You have a perspective. I don't know if "Okload is very negative, but you know how it is going to repeat? MS: No idea. David Chris: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: One million and a half million --  -- John Kamen -- John Kamen -- I think it's going to be hard to get the meeting with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
SK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we look like a lot of joy.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russia," most responses will be no.
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, by the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS:  It means you're not very optimistic.
So they help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: Very good. MK: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We have to think of what brands you are.
MS: Yeah. MK: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go.   -- "Good came up the camera.
MS: I thought it turns out the camera meant we have a conversation outside.
It turns out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was shocked.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising was to present the product to as many people as possible, making so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the separate media, is not the idea to tell that new vehicle of attention that is going to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a marine mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually, there wasn't such a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for the transportation images in Google --  -- this is one of the first images that come in.
I like your rodent way, Sergey Brian. No.
This was the problem: the transparency, free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable, that it's characterized by the visibility or access of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line maybe the largest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president was name, even the CEOs name it.
But all of a sudden when it's about making it reality, something changes suddenly change.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that rare bear that is still reducing.
It's unpredictable.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it strangers?
I'll eat an entire bowl of Cookie White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and saying that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as she used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and there's real history.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanting to help -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kiribation of many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my own, I would have to take off the street and go to companies myself.
So what I started to warn suddenly -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start conversation with companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big films -- big, giant films and others that make small films, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies say that the reason their movies are so successful is because of the amazing brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies.
And the film is called "The largest movie ever sell.
How are we going to look specifically at Ben in the movie.
Every time I get out, every time I open my bottle, you'll see the Bang desk.
At any point during an interview with somebody I can say, "Are you well cool for this interview?
Are you ready? You see it a little nervous.
I want to help you get married.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview of the interview.
And I would offer you one of these fabulous gardens.
Both Food Florida as "Venters of Paramilian are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man like a woman, solid, balloon, barrel, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer his questions and give them a promise of promise.
Karen Frank: We are a small brand.
And I similar to the kind of smaller movies that you count -- we're more good a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that they have other brand.
So doing things like this, you know, reminding people Bangladesh to people is the reason why this is interesting.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Top technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the armpits, you know.
Man: Let's talk about something automatic, fragment.
I think "Crazy is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus the smell and the sound."
It keeps you cold.
How do you keep doing a little more time? With better school, more distribution, three times more cold.
Things like those that are responsible for benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-collaborative company.
What about me? What about a common guy.
I need to talk to the man in the street, and people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Did my market?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: revive the '80s, pathogenic punch unless it is a washing day.
MS: Okay, what is the German brand, right?
Geradu: Something unique. MS: unique. Man: I guess the type of gender, the style I have was like a dark Glass."
I like dark colors, many gray and things like that.
Usually I have access to the sun gaps, or I like the crystals and the similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation: Mrshis Benefit.
Man 2: The brand I am, I call it a casual flight.
Woman 2: In part hippocampus, in part of it, in part Brain, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of mass.
I will sell toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the market.
Man 5: Frankline school March.
Is that something?
Arabic, I'm a lawyer.
Tom, I'm Tom Tom T.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand, but I often classify me in the intersection of dark glamour and social flight.
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the "main "commodity."
And I found a company called Olympics Zapania in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like North, February, Mark to discover that brand personality.
If you could do it for them, you could surely do it for me.
August," translates the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit how you relate to your thoughts and feel your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, as the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are original and they start in a place and in my case and in my case, and they start in my family, West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to this with your thoughts, feelings and way to be?
MS: It's like who wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like the weird things. I like the weird things.
A: Tell me about why? What does that look like?
What is the magazine? What phase of portrait you find now?
Why is it important? What does the red mean?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other mathematicians have you have?
You don't have to fear -- what kind of Russian mountain is?
MS: Yeah."   No, thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient.      Big work? A: Yes. MS: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linda Zapania," the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complexity, in your brand personality. The brand Morgan Spotal is a consciously market.
You get very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to have -- and it's human nature, to avoid the things that are not safe -- avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give you a little bit of content for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are it this?
The first here is classic, Apple.
And you can also see here to Tark, Wi, Minister of mine Cooper and Jeff.
Now there are conscious marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and came out, but a crazy brand is quite powerful.
MS: A leadership brand. What's your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your identity identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you a destroying attribute -- are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you a desperate attribute?
A little bit more calonic, researcher, conservative.
And the advantage attributes are like being playful like the Prize, contemporary and advertising, advanced or bold like Europe Flow, fast, or giant, professional, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather deep attribute?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 1608?
You're settled, traditional progress, protection, protection: Do you identify with Oprah?
You're trust, stable, family, safe, safe, safe, contaminated or wise -- like the Dalai Lama or YouTube."
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, disaster and descendant, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this movie, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control of the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuromodulator, and we get to tell the story in this movie of how they use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing such as movies.
We went to San Paulo, where they have banned the ad to the open air.
All over the city over the last five years, there are no flights, no cards, no valleys, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are running in schools with liquidity problems in America.
The incredible thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the most successful answer is those in which I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the individuals, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you have left? Did you have success.
Well, since the movie is stress in the Council of Sound, we look at a look.
According to Burrows, the movie is stressed in January, and since then, and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a period of two and a half.
That's just online, no press or TV.
The movie is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in service.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talk about would be advised to their customers will not be part of it.
I have always believed that if you are stress, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that you're pushing them to failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of the risk is preparing your entire company to be a reward.
I feel that what has to happen to advance is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we have to give the fear of fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
Let's take fear. We open the risk.
From a card at a time, we have to hug the risk.
And ultimately, we have to help transparency.
Today more than a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "Breathing Transition has been presented by my good friends of EM: who by 700 bought the rights of the name in Ethan.
EM: It will convert big data into big opportunities for companies around the world.
EM: EMG, we spread "The Transition."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Dorman, in behalf of transparency, who happened exactly with those 1600.
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a shock to the name of the TED Matrix, the Sally Foundation, a 200 percent to be applied to my TED assistance.
The idea behind the Stubble computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His biggest asset to developing nuclear weapons is the Army rise plant in Natasha.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we can compromise these systems that control speed and vegetables, we can cause a lot of problems with the central.
The gray boxes don't use Wikipedia software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put a Windows effective virus in a portable computer used by an engineer to bridge this gray box, then we are ready.
This is the plan behind Steven.
We started with a Windows installation.
The evidence goes into the gray box, damage the central, and the nuclear program is demonstrated -- mission completely.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Steby six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown to it.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Wingsets part of Windows, the instructor used multiple dividends dollar.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Steby, and we saw what happened with this.
So very strange things happened.
Steven was behaving as a laboratory rat that he didn't like our cheese with the wave, but he didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors -- I realized, and I thought, "This is a leadership attack.
It's completely dramatically."
The instructor is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If not, Steby doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we discovered the goal soon.
And so we extracted and we displaced the attack code, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I will attack.
You probably even know how much the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Stubio installed is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much about the old shared language.
I want to tell you how we could make sense of this code.
What we looked for at first was called the system functions because we know what they do.
Then we looked at temperatures and data structures and we tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need the destructive theories that we could approve or design.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent sacred, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find many thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the Bush nuclear energy plant and the National entropy plant.
So I said to my assistant, "I give me a list of all the experts in centers and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and I consulted them in an effort to pursue their experience with what we find in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital obvious with control control.
The robot is that cell part inside the center, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this robot, you certainly can burn it and even make the context explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discover in an effort to go back to the nest engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to figure out the big digital obvious looking at the data and its structures.
So for example, the number 146 stands in that code, you can't obviously.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centers are built in Natasha and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall -- and every waterfall contains 165 centrals.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These Iran centers are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
An almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So you don't have marketing markets, didn't it?
The results have been made after several weeks of hard work.
We were routinely ended up in streets and we had to go back to start.
Even so, we found that both digital observators were pointing on one single and same goal, but from different angles ...
The small obvious eye is taking a waterfall and making the robots turn and reduce them, and the big eye communicates with six inches and manipulating vegetables.
In short, we're very confident that we've determined what the destruction is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natasha.
We shouldn't worry that other targets are reached by Stevener.
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and up there is the centrals.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false entry data.
And believe or not, this false entry data is prepared by Stevener.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is food for present video.
Is it cool either?
The idea here is obviously not just to guide the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and a lot of advanced.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the large steam turbines is happening in speed, you have to open up scales in a military.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed to them, then they can happen bad things.
The plant can exploit it.
And the security system or security system will notice it.
That scares out.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is great.
It has nothing to do -- specifically with contractors, with uranium engineering.
It could work too, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's great.
And you don't have -- as an attackers, that will disseminate this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Steven.
You could also use conventional worms of worms to design it.
Give it the most possible.
And if you do that, what you would end up with is a massive destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We have to face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Radio, it has been public in many sides that people assume that the Show is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion.
Ralph Land, OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the Show is involved, but the engine isn't Israel."
The engine behind this is cyber superconduction.
There is one alone, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, lucky.
Because otherwise, our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for us; thank you, Rakama.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and that you have subjective skills, or another one that makes you users of wheelchair are lifted and come back to walk.
In Berkeley Biosphere," we call these robots, excellent.
They're not different from something that is put in the morning, gives you a big force, who also increases its speed, and helps him, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other external ends.
This is not a virtual idea.
To show you now what we're working on is we start talking about the American soldier who, on average, has to take on their back a 45-year-old charge -- and it's demanding to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with crazy street damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help manage the issue.
Let me introduce you the UCLA -- or Port Carolinary University.
Soldier: With the UCLA excellence, I can put 90 kilos out of variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design allows you to put together and execute movements with great appreciation.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then it increases my strength and my resistance.
Ex Benjean: We're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
So let's go back to the user wheelchair users, what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people about it, in wheelchair chairs, all over the world.
It's like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative.
We talk about something that happens with frequency -- very young people, with damage in the spinal column that when they start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that it is multiplying quickly.
Their only choice, many times -- by a brain injury, or some other complicated complication -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been so for the last 500 years, from its successful emergence as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you the Elessing Elephant using Amanda Bot who was 19 years ago had a lesion in the spinal column, and as a result couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bot: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our Elessing, I mentioned.
It's got a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the board computer, here in the back.
There are also some batteries that give power to engines in the houses, and in the knees, and they make it move with this soft and very natural stream.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange leap in the air, skiing down the bottom of it was paralyzed.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all feeling and all movement from the filter down.
Shortly after, a doctor went into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Massachuse, you'll never walk back again."
That's 19 years ago.
And so I stole to the last point of hope of my being.
The technology of adaptation since then, it has allowed me to learn how to shoot it down in scales, climb rocks and even ride in a hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the lives to future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to Amanda and all the users of wheelchair chairs.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day, where the fun is serious stuff.
And no, it's not the Fried Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of wild bonds.
The bonobos are, along with the chimps -- their closest living relatives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much about this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, terrifying guys, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where the deadly violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the television itself, stage of a violent conflict that has been propelled for decades, and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the bone.
The hunting meat trade, and the deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hidden by measuring the trees.
Who are these prime?
We know them as the apes "Hard love, not the war -- because they have frequent sex, promise and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all problems of humanity because the life of bonobos is more than the Saudi Sun.
Bombing, like humans, love to play throughout their lifetime.
It's not just a game of children.
For us, and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and to foster tolerance.
With him we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game sees the evolutionary roots themselves in the laughter, the dance and the human ritual right.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique notions of the wild environment.
First of all, it's a binary game game -- and I don't talk about football ...
Here we have a female and a young male in a perspective.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, the stream of the balls."
I just think that in this case, he loves him, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common as well in Bonobo and in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like technologies, and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's more fun.
But play is political.
The game is political, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more tenting, imaginations, curious -- maybe the place where the awe was reduced.
And I want you to see -- this is Fubbin, a young female who is playing with water.
I believe that, we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that curious curiosity that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us about our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we need to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation of adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we need to play.
But will we take advantage of our game ability.
The game is not fruit.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans, life is not just cruel and departed.
When it looks like the least appropriate thing, it can be the moments that it is the most urgent thing.
And so peers primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin House.
When I'm not fighting poverty, combat fires as a captain in a body of volunteer fires.
And in our city, where volunteers have a highly qualified staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a career to foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was scratched in a conversation with the owner that I certainly brought one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing outside the rain, under a share, in a short, desktop, while her house was in flames.
The other volunteer I had just come before I do, we call it Leone Luther --  came first to the captain and he asked him to go and save the dog of the house.
Door." I was so height."
There was a lawyer or a money of money who, for the rest of his life, would have to tell people who entered a building building to save a live living because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an alternative.
He said, "Beats, I need to be in the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and bring it to this woman a couple of shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I went up the stairs -- at the end of the hall, I went to the real firemen that I was at that height or a little bit more or less had finished off the fire and went into the top room for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back through the ladder where I met my Namibia and the precious dog on the main door.
We took out of the house for the house of the house where, as it was to wait, his thesis got a lot more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the house of the house adding for the brave effort demonstrated to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other thing was someone had reached even a couple of shoes.
Both in my voice at Robin House as in my voice as a volunteer fireman." I'm witness of activists of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of graphic acts and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved or they are to get -- remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't expect to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give. Give it now.
They serve food in a dining dining park.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone else's life.
So they enter the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark Gary, Mark, back.
Mark Beas: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, as buildings or bridges or a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947 to LEDs that came up with it.
It was called an automatic assembly chip.
And in a few years, the LGBT brick came to every home.
It's estimated that they've made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LGB made it accessible.
Lego simply adopted the concrete block -- the favorite in the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to adapt: the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block -- the transistor allows you to create much greater circuits and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept that, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to the experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I began to explore the idea of taking the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Librarians.
Let me show you how they work.
Little Littles are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they join through magnets together.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a code of colors.
The green is the steel, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly, you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with one green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse cord, which is here, and now we have an interesting light.
We added this guy to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Littles are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and solve, Lifetimes allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it faster or slower, you simply turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Littles is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced by laughter ready to use.
Lights, sound, solar panels, motors -- everything must be accessible.
We've given Littles to kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a daylight works, or why the door of a elevator is keeping open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also led Librarians to design schools.
So for example, designers without any experience in electronics begin to play with Littles as a material.
And here you can see, with paper bottles and feed, we have George creating George.
(Music sounds)  A few weeks ago we took Lifetimes to the Rhode Island School designers who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a condition camel active movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a landscape made of plastic that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Lifetimes became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at the reach of everyone.
So Lifetimes has open code.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invented.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for involved in the environment focusing on the environment.
Distributed.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can give it a little bit in charge.
We can be able to be able to be able to keep the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
solar technology is ...
Oh, I take the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to be stopped -- we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called "County for America, and they would be like a peace of peace for technologies.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the communities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World We send them to the wild world of the manual.
They made big applications -- they worked with the manipulation employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al Al.
It's a city of the city of Boston.
So here it appears as if it looks for a quote, but what really looks for is someone clean when it gets caught by the snow because it knows it's not very good at catching fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did he ask for aid in this simple way?
Last year in Boston we had a team of Member for American."
They were there in February, and at that moment I had a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrogeneses.
But one of the members called Erik Michaels noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up with palms right in front of them.
So he made any good programming, developed an app.
It's a nice app where you can adopt a story.
You accept to clean it up.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case, you put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can roll.
I mean, it has a link component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But something else that no other government technology does.
And it's spread in viral form.
A responsibility of Honorchication City in the city of Honor to see this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt signals of tsunami.
It's very important that these tsunami signals work, but people were stealing the battery.
So it asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle. And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens take off the delivered delivers.
And Chicago just launched it to get people to be recorded to clean sidewalks when snow snow.
So now we know from nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread out of friction, in organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology you know this doesn't happen.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to be able to choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that we have done it by normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the Australian power of California that until the moment has cost two million dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that is program in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of a stream of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the best ways to work, not like in private companies, like many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but more like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions and open and general way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the question of government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an unacceptable institution, but as a problem of collective action.
And that's very good because it turns out that we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only "County" for America but there are hundreds of people all over the country who contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from sight.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line in the DNA "Coch Automatic -- and all those other things that put us crazy, the government is, in essence, in Tim Redwood words, "What we do together because we can't only can."
Now, a lot of people have left the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to reward it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change the government.
And given that the last commercial government of us -- remember that of us, the people? The way we think about it affects how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government is going to choose people to choose cards.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially a matter of rains.
This is the center of telephone care and information.
It's the place that you call if you mark 111 in America.
Scott came up with this call.
I found "Professor in the basis of official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And then he finally said, "Hey, you can open the door door in the house, put a strong music and see if you go?
And it worked. So that's how well by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the rains.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and websites and mobile.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people in the Office of New University of Boston University in Boston.
And one day, this was really happening one day, this saying, "Pick in my trash cloud. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I make it take?
The City City dynamic is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Citis" Connecticut, everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zerada" -- yeah. Live? Yes.
I turned the cube back. I went home.
Good evening, strike strike."
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of income revenue to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform as a platform.
And I don't necessarily mean the definition technology definition.
I talk about a platform so that people are automatically adding and helping others.
So a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
I connected the two people.
And you could have connected them with the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call the animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the other entrance of the other.
That our input to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that the government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like a huge, smart ocean and politics is the surface of 15 feet.
On the bottom is what we call burial.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that department that keeps us with that that makes us feel like something that operates in our against us, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sensory.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the October movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of troubled citizens that have written a very detailed report from 350 pages in response to the Spanish "Picture of values, on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism is bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have been involved in the government, it's time for us to ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get where we have to go where we have to go without solving the institution that you can act in behalf of all?
We can't design government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to repair the function of government so that it can expand by destroying civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act fundamentally, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a better generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face who are going to talk about, they're all going to speak.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
That's why when you face the government problem, you don't care about making your voices.
They're using their hands.
Put hands to work to program applications that make the government work.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be clean up a system, taking motors, dumping a trash cube that has a strip inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned up those hydrogen and a lot of people do.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we are not only consumers, not only government consumers that we pay taxes, and we get services.
We're more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it's about the important things we have to do together, all together, will we be a voices of voices, or will we also be a hand crowd?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and in the road of death.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these estimates have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that you say here are impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if they teach them feeling, they can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, and it's a careful, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in all discussion in the family.
She started many of the documents in our home.
I was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in the slavery in Virginia, about 1844.
She was born over the 1980s and his experience with slavery as a way of seeing the world.
She was hard, but he was also amazing.
When I was a little bit and I looked at her, she came up with me and gave me a good hug.
I was so hard that I could barely breathe, and then I got off.
One or two hours later, he came back to me, and he came up and said, "Breath, still feel my airport?
And if I said no, I was grabbed again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
He had this human quality that made you want to be close to it.
The only problem is I had 10 children.
My mother was the least 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a while with her, it wasn't easy to take his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, nine years old, I woke up a morning, and I went to the room and there were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and I smile, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, and he took me out of the room, and he said, "You see Brian. The two we're going to convert."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside, and he said, "Breath, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody you can tell it."
I said, "Okay, Mammo."
She said, "Now let's make sure you're not. I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and I looked at me and said, "I want you to know that I've been watching you."
And I said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Brazil."
I said, "Say, "Mayousal."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother."
Audience: "She is my kid, and you have to promise you will always take her."
Like I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mamma, so I'll do."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise is that you will always do the right thing, although the right thing is difficult."
And I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mamma.
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to show me is that you will never drink alternate."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mamma, like that.
I grew up in the field, in the rural south, I have a brother one more year and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beers pack, I don't know where I took them, and I grabbed my sister and we went to the forest.
We just got to do the crazy concerns.
He took a beer surface, offered him to my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. All right. You go, but I'm not going to take beer."
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister too. Take a beer."
I said, "No." I wouldn't feel good. You can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What happens? Do you take a beer."
I kept my eyes with strength and I said, "Oh, not that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mammal."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mary tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was awake.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be widely spreading out.
But I have 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtue. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others that they really don't see sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressure during the property.
My uncle died from age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to her, we had to engage them.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in the state freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, it finds so much detection, so much despair.
One in three black every three black in the age of 18 and 30 is in prison or conditional freedom.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington Washington -- 50 to 60 percent of all young people are in jail or conditional freedom.
Our system is not only distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
So in this country, we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilty, but wealth.
And it seems like we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We are discovered.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work in some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, they provide you of rights for always if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 33 percent of the black male population has been definitely lost to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of waste loss is going to be as elevated as it was before the law right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it felt like 13-year-old children to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for kids, not possibility to go out there.
Right now we're in process of some literature.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the death room.
This death penalty issue is interesting.
So in some sense, you have taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by the creatures that are competed?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the committed crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
In every nine educated people, you have identified one that is innocent that is extracted and released from the corridor of death.
A rate of error, amazing.
This is interesting.
It would not allow you to ever release planes if in every nine that you would get away, you would have to star.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I'm talking about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with African history, I talk about slavery.
I talk about terrorism, the time it started at the end of the reconstruction and it lasted to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a bit defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be limited.
I worried about being bombarded.
The threat of the terror was what he defined his lives.
Now there are older people coming up to me and they say, "Mr. Steven, you say talks -- you got speeches -- you give people that you stop saying that in our history we have for the first time with terrorism, after 1860.
They ask me to say, "No." Say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism continues obviously with selection and decades of racial reduction and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what historically we've done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial segregated without a commitment with the truth and the reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this engagement, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty conferences.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know that it's okay to listen to what you say.
Adam, "We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will naturally never be able to have this here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There is no way that with our story, we could never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and depressed, we were going to try to execute people."
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would you expect people, especially if they were in their majority grades?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect there.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these very difficult issues, positive things and wonderful things are, yet it implicated.
We love innovation.
We fascinated the technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But finally, those realities are rooted by suffering, abuse, degradation.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We just talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the designers, those who will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so engaged with the intellectual thing.
With innovation, creativity comes not only from brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also by the conventions of the heart.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look at not just how brilliant and democratic but also in the dark and the hard.
Valley Hall, the great core leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe, we were suffering out of oppression -- we wanted all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness to be in the spirit sites and being treatment."
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, should be engaged.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to explain, to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the great privilege being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Park.
These women were just gathered to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carrel called me to say, "Breath, come the lady Parks. We're going to meet you to speak.
You want to come and listen to us?
I said, "Yes, lady. I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?
I said, "Let me hear you."
So I went and I just heard them.
It was very violent, very lighter.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks ran to me and said, "Now Brian, let me be that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question the injustice of injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted insulable.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice management.
We try to end with the feelings of life, without parole.
We try to do something about death penalty about it.
We try to reduce the population in jail.
We try to end with mass lights?
I gave all of my best speech, and I looked at me and he looked at me, and he said, "You know, Mom Mim Mim."
And he said, "You will end up lower, very lower."
At that time, Ms. Carnegie included, put my finger on my face and said, "That's why you have to be very very cool."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher than the worst we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not that it's a margin.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a mental.
And so I think there's a basic dignity in the people that should be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
It's not.
I really think that in many parts of the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic and very beautiful, very slightly, very strangers, we will not judge us for our technology, for our designs or our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of a society, the character of a society, not the way they treat rich and powerful and privileged but because of the way they treat poor, conditioned, pressure.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are.
I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force.
I'm tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been felt very hard.
I go to jail and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years old, which have been required to be used as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge convert someone into what isn't it?
The judge was happening as an adult, but I see a child.
One night later, I was awake.  God, if the judge can become something you don't are, it must have magical powers.
Yeah, Brian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a monitor.
I had a 14 year-old client.
I started working in the monitor, with an entertainment that said, "Movement so my black client of 14 is treated as a privileged private white white of 75 years old, experts of a corporation."
And in the mosquito, I thought there was been completely confined in the accumulation of the police and the process.
There was a line on how in this country there is no ethics but a whole lack of ethics.
In the next morning, I woke up thinking that insect would be a dream.
For my horror, I didn't only have recorded, but I had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- Oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car, and I felt really good, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to the court.
I thought this would be very difficult and performance.
I finally pulled out of the car. I walked to the court.
I was going up the stairs when I found a big black man, and it was the construction of the judge.
When I saw me, I approached me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He said, "It's your lawyers? I said yes.
So I approached me and I hug me.
And I'm whispering in my ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was violent.
That was deeply connected to my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience.
As the judge came to me.
And he said, "Mr. Steve, you wrote this mathematical base?
I said, "Yes, Mr. was me." And we started discussing it.
People started coming in. Everyone was indicators.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
The cops came up with the assistant for the assistant, the autonomous.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all frustrations, because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the blade of the eye, I came to see the advice that was going and came.
I was looking out the window and I was suit to hear all that free.
I kept walking over here and there.
Finally, this old black black, I walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of the lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge described a receive.
During the description of the algae was supposed to be super-edged because the counselor had entered the room.
The assistant was applied over the old black.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black stood up, looked at the assessment, looked at me and said, "Come to this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view on the goal with sign.
I've come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
That we cannot be truly evolved if we don't care about human rights and digital.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our visions of technology, design and entertainment and creativity have to turn into the fraction, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view on the goal with sign.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes of doing something.
Something that's not a crash. What can we do?
BF: There are several closest opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum in which you will do an effort to deliver the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on the death penalty of the next five years.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of homicide are not involved in arrested.
Fifty percent of rapes don't get to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This refugee is going to propose that these funds are destroyed to make the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in the criminal in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who believe it is?
BF: Actually, the rate of creativity with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why it comes up with this dramatic increase in the prison population.
And we let ourselves convince by the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to a perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making those resources back to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing about anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brilliant, you have been excited today today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by the death of Bin Laden.
Lock 2: famine in Somalia, Lock 3: The police runs O.C. gas.
Locker 4: Carterians -- Locker five, Morgan Crimes.
Lock 6: Social Decades. Local 7: 65 dead.
Lock 8: Alex of tsunami, Locker 9: Cybercriminals.
Several locations: War to the narcotic. mass destruction. Toront.
Recently. Bangladesh. Building -- Egypt, Egypt.
Crisis. Dear. Design.
Oh, my God.
Peter Demo: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could just be the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that the press means prefer to give us negative news, because our minds are paying attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second day our senses get a lot more data than the brain probably can process.
And as nothing is more important to survive, the first stop of all of that data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called an asth.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Organized and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So a dozen stories we would prefer to look at the negative.
That old thing of the press, "If there is blood, sells, it's very true.
And because all digital devices provide negative news for the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are mysterious.
It's not surprising that people think that the world is going wrong.
But maybe it isn't.
Maybe instead, what really happens is that we got distributions.
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying we don't have our good problems, climate change, species extinction and water scarcity and energy -- certainly we have it.
As human beings, we are very good at preventing problems and the long way, we ended up with them.
So let's look at the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average life is more than doubled, average income per capita per capita has tripled.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communication, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenya that global literacy went from 25 to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefine the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators TV melodies, air conditioning and cars.
The marital margins of the case of the past century, the planets on the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Supporting a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes into information technology in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling the price of price in about 12 to 24 months.
For that reason the cell in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the 1970s.
Now look at this curve.
This is Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to see two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace -- in recession and depression and agenda.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster.
It doesn't stop before any of the big challenges.
And even though it's hit on a law on the left, it goes up the top.
The growth rate of technology is largely faster and faster.
And in this curve, at Moore's Law Corporation, there is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Autoriation call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics and 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production all over the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine, the digital medicine and the digital medicine, the natural and the digital medicine, the natural and the digital medicine, the natural and the digital medicine, the natural and the
I mean, how many saw the victory in "Jeopardy" of Watson, of MRI?
It was peak.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I had.
And I loved this: Watson sells to human opportunities."
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
I play with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have been absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for each of the planet -- it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that stuff and it turns it up.
You see, scale is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story from Nano II in the middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Siana.
Naprow troops ate with silver, and the same Nazis, with gold covers.
But the king of Silicon, ate with aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, more than gold and plant.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is align.
You see, although the aluminum is eight percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's linked by oxygen and silence.
But then the electronics came up and made the aluminum so cheap that we use it as if it was descended.
Let's try this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet based on five times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth 16 units of energy every 85 minutes.
It's not about scanner, but of access.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the grass of the straight, 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The solar energy cost fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of America, solar electricity will cost six cents a billboard per hour compared to the 15 cents of national average.
And if we have plenty of energy abundance we also have plenty of water.
Let's talk about wars for water.
Remember when Carl San Adam pointed out the Voyager Space spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn?
He took a famous picture. How did he call?
"A single blue dot point."
Because we live in a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent per water.
Yes, 97 percent is salt water, two percent is ice, and we fought for five percent of the water on the planet, but also here is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the nanosare.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the scholarship -- I'd like to share with you, I gave me permission to do it, and his technology called Slimmard -- you know, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate 1,000 liters of drinking water in the day of any soul water, solid water, a letter -- for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will be going to be in 200 countries on the planet.
This is a potential innovation for this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in the mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world in the late 2013.
Think about it, that war has gotten better mobile mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of course, with a smart cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information abundance and communications that no one could have predicted before.
But better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GPS, video, pictures of books and music, medical diagnostic libraries -- now they disappear and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing you can do is when you make health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Taliban Foundation something called the X Cultural Computer Trick, of 10 million dollars.
We are challenging the world's teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has A.I. -- they can climb blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnoses than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the marketing charge is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA virus or DNA that doesn't recognize, calling the health of health, and first of all, avoiding the pandemic happened.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion.
The white lines here are the population.
We just went through the sea of seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before hate the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What do you want to do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse we'll have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions injected in the global economy.
And it will be more health because of Tricial, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computer computing will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity, educated healthy and productive healthy.
How about a few voices ever before?
What if we give the optimists, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time?
What would you make these three billion things?
What if they are contributions we can't predict?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams -- guided by their passion with a clear goal, they can do extraordinary things, things that they could only do the great corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Duffem.
It emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine the structure and the functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of supercomputers.
They've played with this university professor, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it has been shown that the recognition machinery of human patterns is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to assume the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the security.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
This is the power of the party.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1835.
You might think I got a little bit, but it didn't.
It's actually collecting fish.
And he described one of them as very common.
It was the reader.
And I found it a lot to the 1880s as well.
Now the fish is at the Red list of the UN.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is that we still come to Galapagos.
We still think they're prisoners.
Flats still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the shift of the waist.
Because I was there in 1991 studying a land in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The floor was surrounded by palms, and as you can see, from some panels.
There were the thylacine of about 20 centimeters -- the black black trailer.
And the fish of this thylacine was very abundant and passed by a good moment, so it would make more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had declined half.
They made five centimeters at the time.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicated in the introduction of the drag fishing fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, it started in 1960 -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- imposing industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly was called the Museum Four.
I went out to fishing on him, and we did studies in South China Sea of Meditana and especially in the James Sea.
What we had there was something inevitable.
So we captured it, now I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we capture were spirits, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny blobs about some remains -- remains that are fish of coral reefs.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the cover and then it was thrown out.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very quick.
In a year, you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing.
The background happens to be a solid source of soft coral, in this case, to be a leader.
This is a dead tour.
They didn't eat them. They were desktoptering because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not drowned yet.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen are collecting every time they go to an area where they've never fish.
But it does not be documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We took the point of parties, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this is something like this.
On the axis and we have good things -- biodiversity, lots of occasions, the truth of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images that you receive at the beginning of your conscious life as normal and strengthen it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the presence of changes.
And at the end I will keep a few rest miserable.
And that, largely we want to do now.
We want to keep things that no longer are, or they're not what they were.
But one should think that this problem affects people when predators kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before extended, is slightly frequently.
You don't lose any additional animals.
You lose very frequent animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a sea sea of big fish.
They become recently frequent because we fishing.
And over time they have a few fish, but we think that's the party point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, questioning it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a way before it's not the way they would expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you present -- like you Captain such a thing -- and so many fish in this area can't be used or generally not using the scientists of the fish, because it's not science."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in instructions -- because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge paper that can make a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the score point has been run and very low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine area and they can benefit from the vision that provides them, which allows them to erase their baseline.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access -- like people in the West East, for example?
I think that the arts and cinema may fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Cheftal Bay Bay.
A lot of time ago, there were gray whales in the Cheftal Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that mathematics and the tonlogs are like "Alleginary?
And if you think about "African-American," if you think about why people moved up with the movie -- not talking about the story of Packages, why do you move with the imagery.
Because it expresses something that, in a sense, has been lost.
That's why my recommendation -- the only one I'm going to give, is to Came, to make "Salaman II underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alla, the YouTube trend manager and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos are making viral and what important that is.
We all want to be stars, celebrities -- centers, comments -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web video makes any of us, or of our actions, copper notions in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be made famous on the Internet in a sensor.
Over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a small percentage becomes virtually, it gets infectious and generation of cultural mumbine.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends and participation communities and surprise.
Well, let's start.
Beau Vacher: Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Oh what woodblow, "guy."
KA: Last year, Derek Veneta published this video film outside his house in the South National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction of the popularity rise of the past summer.
Beaus is not proposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a little bit of a rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called Mose Mountain Beau.
I had published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kim.
Jimmy Kim published this tower that catalyzed the video to popularity video.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kim present us and interesting things and spread them to a wider audience.
Rebecca Black,"  It's Friday Friday -- you have to start Friday --  -- everyone wants it to get the weekend --  -- all of you want you to get the weekend.   Venis, Friday Friday --   KA: Don't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Vermiest Black Republic is one of the most popular videos in the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Archivance David Dough, this video seemed to have gone out of nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peak, they're also Friday too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday Vander?
Well, I took it Toyota, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson -- Samuel Science Theater -- was one of the first people to make a joke about the video in Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of tendency creators will adopt a point of view and share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts to talk about that and do things.
And now there are 10,000 parents of Vermeese in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for every other day.
Unlike the main century of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon by telling it or doing something new with that.
"No "Catholic Cate is a repeat animation with a music agreement.
So that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know there's a three hours version that you've seen four million times.
All the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that you saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke between the Internet technology community.
There was remins.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it was internationally.
All of a sudden, it came up with a whole remote community that made this happen to be a silly joke to something that we all can form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Archive David Dougland or Redwood Catholic or "No "London Catholic?
What worker could you have written this situation?
In a world in which you spend two days of video per minute, just that really unique and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a guy who protests against the military crowds in New York, I admit that I'm not interested in too much.
Casey Niel, I was driven by not circulatory bit of birthday, but there are often obstacles that prevent you directly directly by the biology.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your humor, Casey Niel made it five million watched and understood their idea.
So this approach is worth the whole new approach that we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Vacher: What does this mean?
Oh Whan the omes.
KA: What does this mean?
Tendency creators -- creative communities of participation -- totally unexpected, are features of a new kind of media, from a new culture, to which we all have access -- and it's the audience that defines popularity definitions.
As I said earlier, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Beijing, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit of a leave from our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- it's just the ones of the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still arriving.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a galaxy, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine it as the communities go into Sana, facing the fact that their life had totally been in van.
The words, for so long friends, now they would do it.
It was refugeed in silence.
He died broken by history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let it be in variety, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to get away but we hold it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when they are going to stay quietly silent.
My mother, Mammy, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a concentrated marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task alone, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was unconscious for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years that he challenged the fiction, a boat was divided into the seal of fishing ship.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirate and rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a fragment with poison.
If we were captured first we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the urge to dive in every wave, and the horizon, and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirate parts that came several times, but they were angry with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not being able to run for six hours.
But I do remember the lights on the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, ending the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried -- because of the men in the platform.
No apple had after the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we would go in Melock.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Fostely, a class suburbs work whose population is composed of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs whose existence I knew, in Forest, I had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the fireflies of English entertained were interacting between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked on farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title in IT technology.
We were poor.
All the dollars were associated, and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should be taken, which is usually new clothes, always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the toys, because it had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful singing on the lady eyes and some graphics, "Asians, come home.
home." Where?
Something in me was entered.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to be supposed to get it."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exploited every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered legs, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his legs would start to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be a strategy and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and angry and inflationary, and kids trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and patriotists.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, it was involved with what I would demand from myself.
In the other, I was embedded in precipitoned lives, tragic locally controlled by violence, drug abuse, and isolation.
But many of them received aid over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was picked up the young Australian young man.
And I was catching from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit out.
So Le read, an anonymous resident of Forest, was now so Louis, refugee and social activity, invited to talk in sites that I never heard of name, and in houses whose existence would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to get back to the routine and the comfort of life in an ignore suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ending the day as they did for nearly 20 years, and counting about each day and getting asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
It reminded me that I had the same age that she had when she got up to the boat.
The "No ever had a choice.
"I mean, it said, "And you're not what you're not."
So I spoke about youth and education and decent depression to the marginalized and self-interest.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I was able to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they loved -- living in the border of the possible.
And although I finished my license, I realized that I couldn't stay in a landscape race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a unknown, a new arrival -- new on the scene -- and not only that it's good, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your organization.
I gave the steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world demonstrates, but not the way we eat.
You may not have been allowed to be absolutely encouraged by them.
There was an energy there, an implicational optimism -- a rare mixture of humility.
So I kept my intuition.
I put together a little group of people who the motto can't do -- it was a rare challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, I made a giant show of soup that we all share.
We worked until well at night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we open up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
after one journey.
My hunch again.
Three months later, I had moved me, and the adventure.
Before I end up, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Confulders was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person that matters.
Life didn't change for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was raised alone.
At the age of 17, it became a Mandela County the monkey whose mother hit it.
No support of his husband, caused a tour to demand it and take the cause herself and much more return when he won.
It can't be eradicated to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died to 1,000 miles in Melock.
I looked through the mammography of the shower and I saw it on the other side.
I knew I had come to wake up.
My mother called a minute later.
Later days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Forest, and we sat around his state.
We tell stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a monk came and told us that he had to close the state.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked him to the question: "Why is her hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, you said.
"You haven't supported it.
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Since we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who had reached our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been easily.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for you?"
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a place in your lives, successful in every wave, the moving pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to you and look at it, I would do it.
The News and also the mother of this is here today in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rara about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the sub-Saharan Muslim Alance.
We were turning out how nothing has changed since the time of ancient Indian epidemic "The Machine."
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a car, and we used the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Arnia, the great Indian warrior prince, had silk, he took a bow and with a short short, he got water.
We now do the same with traps and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And that got me very excited.
Every time I felt a little bit more telling.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a strategy if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't touch my friends.
It seemed to me that the technology had to allow the magic to be able to kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his laptop little pockets.
And this technological piece of 50 years was to my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, and pirate and characteristics in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile phone, the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent that we are.
They fry our inspiration.
So I was launched, so I took this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I illustrate books since the age of 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a storytelling device to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
The text with the image, the animation, the sound and touch.
The storytelling becomes increasingly multinational.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Khakin, an interactive app for iPad.
He says, "Let's put your fingers on every light.
And so --  says, "This box is "Lower ... I write my name.
And so I get a character from the book.
At several times I get a card -- the iPad knows where I live because of GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl gets excited about all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magic and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we opened with children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies.
And they actually illuminate your way in what the book remains in the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with a little girl was that a whole galaxy.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ticket that I dragged towards this magic device inside of the device.
And this opens a map.
In every fantasy book, there have always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows and tiger and you guide it for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it also reveals it.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important aspect of me is to create Indian content and the contemporary content.
These are the spiders here.
We've all heard of the fairies and the notes, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts.
These poor parasites have been trapped in the Indus cameras for millennia, in an old and wet book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that is about current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up, attached to their PCC, haven't gone out the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure that you need to go out to the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collectors, papers, stones and linked and shooting.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this ritual of childhood you have to go out and in a chapter taking a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that you can then put on the Web.
A child in London puts a picture of a room and says, "Oh, I saw a stream."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey.
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taking.
Within the variants of connection between magic and Earth and technology are many possibilities.
So in the next book, we plan to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video and the video and you can see a group of animals that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and blow them up so you can read the rest of the book.
Let's go to a world where nature forces are engaging with technology and magic and technology come closer to each other.
We take the energy from the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and joy and child love that we felt through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of elastic projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at the radical University was to design a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she got a little coffee cup or you and asked patients, family and knowledge, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems that all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the story projects fail because we stopped listening.
This is my B school. It's a very simple thing.
It has a piece of link and off.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 Kil.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my home doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when it needs cardiovascular assistance or some urgency of that style but to see it backwards.
But there's something else.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers in Twitter.
So, every morning connects me to my Wi-Fi school and before I got up to my car, people start talking to me, Lurician, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people out of their chair and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
On the next week will be available.
This little bit connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they go back to recover control and to be copies of their own ship, but it can also help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face, like the firing of the cost of the medical attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
It's going to do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but also by creative.
And one of the things we did that we wanted to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the automatic boxes are in Martin.
And also where all the gas are.
And of course, we can find fast food chain.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We asked ourselves, but nobody did.
Nobody knew where to get DNA saved lives right now.
What we did was we do crowdsource in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to say, you see a DNA, please send it, dollars, where it's open, and when you open up in your office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA already was presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an iPhone application.
We created an app for Lake, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you are in Martin city and somebody collapses, you can use your iPhone, and you can use your cell cell cell cell to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not just like DNA 4, which is the name of the product, but also like DNA.
And we would want to start in global level.
We're using all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act like a center for the DNA crowdsource around the world.
Every time you get out of vacation and someone, you can be a relatives or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
You could be message services or phone people, for example, to see if the LHC that is shown is still in its place.
Please stay in this and not only improve health but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
It was mixed with my previous passion for the drawing but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press your polymer.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the point.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that I would start by pressing the polymer.
Photos like this: a construction in a very crowded road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like this, dark and colorful pictures at once, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say reality I say photographics.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to seem to be captured somehow as a photograph.
Photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that will capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is the details or the colors.
Does the light?
What does the illusion do?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way of interpreting the world, and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think it's realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly unimaginable objects, something we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that still seems three-dimensional, as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining the photographs.
It is really going to combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic -- I think they're those in which we don't even think -- the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks wrong.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images come up with these requirements -- they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made.
This is another example.
You might think this is the image of a landscape, and the lower part is manipulated.
But this picture is totally comprised by photographs of different places.
In the personal thing, I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The sub-Saharan part was captured in a stone book.
And yes, I even did the house of the top of the island so that it would look more suicide.
So to get a realistic result, I think it's missing planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful, and at the same time very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it up.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I'm not interested in showing you the details but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the RISD microbloggers versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this -- like many other people we tend to see, is a kind of a straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents a order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Speaking with selective curves is something new.
Here's something weird happening.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please look at the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing on paper.
Why do we plot technological curves in local scale?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve in which we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of technology that I'd like to graph, the diagram would look something ridiculous.
It would be something like that.
It doesn't say much.
But if I thank you, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a logarithmic curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something happens like this, it's a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would move as fast as microphones, tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move at that rate.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a reported growth that every few years advanced orders of magnitude.
The question I want to plant is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve. I know like this until it makes something completely different or maybe doing something like that.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
It will now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new form.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask me, is that new way that addresses the world?
How new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember a child the future happened in 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been self-down, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
And we can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make much sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different that it will extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how that transition might be that we experience it.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer technology.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale that I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about two billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If we look at the way those chemicals organized we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with the RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this -- and that is, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes on its inside.
Some of those oil drops contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the drops grew up.
And they started dividing.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil drops.
But those bits were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a recycled recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they continue.
So every goal was a little different.
In fact, the drops that somehow differentiate being better at the time of incorporating the chemicals -- they grow more, they get more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer. They were more represented in.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things got interesting when these drops learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand very well these drones learned to store information.
They learned to take information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were so that they could replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microscopes that try to hide the security people from the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code. The code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA farm and I amplified it 10 at the time.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot for all of the present. In fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a subject would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things got very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, it evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and put them together to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are many residents to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that in a way, they were together in that, and they set up a synergy.
And so they survive or they failed together, or whether if a community was very successful all of the individuals in that community were more involved in the evolution.
And the tipping point happened when these communities came up so much that, in fact, came together and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have molecular communities, communities of many different kinds of different cells working together as one organism only.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have many cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced levels more interesting than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened inside these communities.
These started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being responsible for regulating and understanding and transmitted information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals. The learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary time period.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat some fruits because I knew bad and sick the last time I eat it.
That could happen during the life of an organism since they had built these information structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system building those information structures enormously accelerating the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in time needed to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here by emitting some graves and hopefully building a similar idea, value and confusing, in your heads that keep certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we turn it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstract.
We now go through similar periods to multicellular organisms, and we abstract our methods of record, present and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the computing -- the video tape, the CO2, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to manage that information.
And that brings us into something much larger, faster, and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You saw the evolutionary example of TED where it produced some evolution with the Convertising program, in our eyes.
And now we have accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you about took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next, the language and so on, took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process retroviruses. I guess authority is the right word to name something that will accelerate its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this curve explosion.
We see the process retrofit.
But I make my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design wouldn't be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design it in a conventional way.
I don't know that every transistor does in that network of connections.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Thirty Machines, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that before you could not get a lot further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microscopes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please a computer, can you run a hundred million sequences of instructions at random.
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random, to execute all those programs, and take those who are more approximate to what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are more close to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them succeeded.
But one, luckily, could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "computer: could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task do?
Let's give those and eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that are best ordered by numbers.
And we are going back to play them following an analog process of sexuality."
Let's take two programs, which are going to make kids, which are incredibly underground, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of products of programs that had a little bit more successfully.
And we say, "Please repeat the process.
Called it again.
I introduced some mutations.
And it tries again and representative with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can make the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in cases complicated in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strange programs.
But they get the machine.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a line of hundreds of thousands of programs that succeeded.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
One time I was in a 747 with Mark Minokemous and I got a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of places working together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't make you feel quiet?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they were complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make some different design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make a lot faster, and so we can execute these programs much faster.
And it is reported.
The thing goes faster and faster, and so I think it seems so confusing to it.
Because all of these technologies are removed.
We're getting off.
And we are at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multiple.
We are the threats, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant of our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what comes from.
But now comes the lunch and I think it's going to stop here before they eliminated me.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've experienced enough time to allow me to be part of my fake budget in that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, we talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end of the World Street.
We love baseball. Right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to come out of "the rules and talk about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300,000 of a battery that battery.
That means that the batteries effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being attracted, and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base doesn't get in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
Do you know how they call a 300 battle in the Great League Langa!"
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
Do you know how they call a 400 baseball battery.
By the way, that's somebody who 10 beats, just four.
Legish -- like the legendary Williams legendary -- the last Google League player in Boston to run more 400 hits in a regular season.
We now take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or less uncomfortable. After what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have adaptability and they are depressed to a surgeon that has also a 400 recording record.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and one being loved has two obsessional arteries and their family doctor gives it to a cardiologist whose anti-policy record is 200.
But do you know something?
She's getting better at this year.
And their assets have been 251.
This is not working.
But I will ask you.
What do you think you should be the average of a heart surgeon or organic surgeon, from a nurse or a given biology?
One, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all medicine knows the scope of a good surgeon, a doctor or a diplomat.
What we do, though, is to send the world, and I included, with the gang of being perfect.
And they never, ever make a mistake and pretend to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer student student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldium studied to a blood test.
Such a thing.
I studied in my little detector, in the restaurant of nurses of the General General Hospital not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my anatomy class, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the car, the digital digital diagnosis and the non-profit difference.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the kidney tube logistics.
And as much as it builds more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And I heard about medicine school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then it would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because I would immune from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr. Dramatic.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought to Mr. Dragondline to the emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiologist service.
And when the emergency was able to go to a cardiologist I was happy to attend that patient.
It will inform the head of residents.
When I saw Mr. Dragon, I was speaking.
I heard a sustainable sound.
And when the autonomous subject, I heard a suicide sound on both sides, which was telling me a cognitive heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stopped working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to lungs, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did, and I started working on the treatment I would give it.
I gave him a spirit and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him diabetes, water pills.
And in an hour or two, she began to feel better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when I took the first mistake, sent it home.
Actually, I took two more mistakes.
He sent it to his house without talking to the head of residents.
I didn't pick up the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and to tell him to see it.
And if my boss had seen it, I would have been able to be able to make a full information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When you send it to your house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior who would say, "Gold, it's not a good idea. You don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of the last Dragon, "Do you think it's okay if you go to your home?"
And the nurse thought, and then he said totally natural, "Yes, I think I'll be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high, and the ambulance together with the diplomats took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presence in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I went to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
He went through the emergency service on the way home.
And there another nurse, not the one who took care of Mr. Dradeline before, but another one, he told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency physicians eat.
Other specialists fear them too, but there's a particular amount of emotion, and we see the patients flexible.
The three words are agreed?
"Do you remember the patient that I sent to your house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same voice tower.
She was fine.
But it comes back and on the edge of death.
At the time of an hour of having arrived at his house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 -- the doctors brought them into emergency with a 30-year-old artist pressure that means a severe shock.
I was barely breathing and blue.
The emergency staff hit all its resources.
They gave them medication to raise the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was excited and shaking up to the cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope that will recover.
And in the two or three next days I would never wake up.
He had irrelevant brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were resist to what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let him go. Mrs. Dragondline, wife, mother and grandmother.
They have never forgotten the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
Next week, I was punished by it, and I experienced the evil shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just isolated, not feeling that shame shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that it would sound things and make sure that they wouldn't take me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss, why did I send him to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so much?
Why did I choose medicine?
A little bit of that feeling was dispersaul.
And I started feeling better.
And in a nuts day, the sky opened up and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with me in which if I broke the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got to a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat, in the throat.
I was very busy and appropriated.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, he was a little color.
He wrote penicillin and sent him home.
But as he leaves the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my guardian change, my boss asked me to talk to me in his office.
And it came up with the three words, "Are you?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the sad?
So he went back and didn't have a strategy fragment.
He had a potentially fatal affect called choppers.
You can search it in Google. It's an infection, not from the throat, but in the upper air, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He was fortunately, he didn't hurt.
And you get antibiotics to be interested in an intellectual and it recovered.
And you go through the same period of shame and representatives, then I went back and I went back to work, until it happened over and over again.
Two times in the same pool of graduates, not diagnosed and discussion.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it takes 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discover.
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation.
They ordered a kidneys, but it turned out a normal, a colleague that was checking the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I gave him liquid to reduce and asked my colleague to check it.
And I checked it up, and when I noticed some sensitivity in the lower right-hand square, I called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they came back.
But every case I was angry, I was developing.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a beauty.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Only only, embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues.
How do you teach them this so they don't take the same errors?
If I went into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't listen to someone talking about your own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a transparency in my hospital was a stranger leg, believe me that I would have difficulty in looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system that there are two positions -- those who make mistakes and the ones that don't have to sleep and the ones that you have is the ones that have great results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we get rid of medicine to people who make mistakes.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical failure and medical errors to learn the possible, from the first article I wrote for the Star Star to my program, "What Black Coat, Black Art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are overcoming.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or display is not correct. In a system where infrastructure infection is increasingly and more numerous and causing chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 Canadian is killed by evolutionary medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it is about funny subsidies, because we're not getting the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update us.
So sleep deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, come up with slow eyes and with alcohol to alcohol and suddenly my story was about a load.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things always as well.
And my patients are not cars. They don't rent their symptoms always in the same way.
All of this, the mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professional professionals to error, well, it will be no one.
And what do people don't want to talk about their closest cases?
In my program, "Plantation "Lane, black art, is already a habit to say, "This is my worst mistake." I would tell everybody, from the disparations to the head of heart surgery, this is my worst mistake, blah, blah blah blah. What's your mistakes? And I'll run the microphone into them.
And their students would stop, they would go back, they would go down their head and they would take saliva and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, they don't make the same mistake."
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a reduced medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefine physician is human, you know human, you accept it, and it doesn't be proud of your mistakes, but it was effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with intention to catch them, but in a loving and supportive way for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings lead the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes every single time.
My name is Brian Goldium.
I'm a redefined doctor.
I'm human, I commit mistakes.
And I feel a lot, but I feel a lot of effort to learn something that can convey to others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day.
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that says picking a middle American -- is about 70 a day.
Not long ago, in a research followed for a week to a group of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that are designed by these executives and the time they were employing to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they took 130 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included many mindsets.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to nine minutes, and how many of you about an hour?
How do you heat the way that you manage those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the right today, to choose to the options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give you a palm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the option of option?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, they raised this very, very high level, at least at least at the time it was very sophisticated.
It was called Derek.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and video, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the embodied water, and this was when we took water from the tap.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I asked me, why do I never buy nothing?
This is the standard of olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did this strategy do this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the memory.
Space.
They had 34 different classes.
We installed a set of design, right at the entrance of the store.
We put out there of six flavor of six taste, or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First, what case people were willing to stop testing the member?
More people stopped when there was 24 percent, that when there was only six, 40 percent.
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a short short.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Those who stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy mercy.
Those who stop when there were six, we saw that 30 percent of them bought merged.
If we do the calculations, people were six times more likely to buy mental if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy shame probably comes to us, and it's a good thing to look at the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice overload affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study I did with guru Hurricane, Emily Karasman, and Weith Jane, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans -- from about 650 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds of funds available in savings savings for retirement, the 401 program, show people to save the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation in it.
We had 650 plans that were from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds offered it, there was less participation.
So if we look at the ends, we see that in the plans that offer two fund, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as they would like.
And in the plans that offered about 60 fund, the rate of participation went down to the 60 period.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the greater the numbers of choices, the more people were inclined to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
In terms of more choices, they were more willing to invest in terms of market financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, that they apply it even when this goes against the interest of the interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions, and in the finance and in health.
They are more likely to pick things less satisfying things, even though they obviously go better.
The main reason is that we go to look at that giant variety of gas and short and link and shared, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose from that amazing exhibition of it.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've tried, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can rehearse in their business.
The first is, Corrupt.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Contract.
They care about losing space in the attention.
But actually what we're looking at increasingly is that if you decide to cut, you can get rid of strange reduction choices, there will be an increase in the sales -- you'll get the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Project & Gamble came from 26 different kinds of Health and Shriners to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Google Catholic corporation is eliminating the products for cats for cats that are less sold, they increased the useful ones in 80 percent, for two causes, higher sales and lower cost.
You know that the supermarkets today, the average offer 45,000 products.
In a grocery store in Walmart.
But the novel tends to be bigger in the current world is Alisson and offer only 1,000 products -- a kind of tomato tomato sauce salt.
In the world of financial savings. I think one of the best examples that have emerged on how to handle better options is the plant of David Laughters, the Harvard program.
All the employees in Harvard are automatically income to a security fund of life.
Those who really want to choose, they are offered 20 fund, not 300 or more.
You know that people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
All of them are important choices.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, tell me the differences between those options.
And if your employees can't difference, you can't do your clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary with Garret.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people from this audience to the people in the audience with everything to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a couple of seconds to read it, and then I want you to give me an applause if you're ready to take the offer.
(Apollular stores? Okay. Anybody who's ready to accept the offer.
Are they not else?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey.
I think I actually found more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round -- that in the second -- but I can embodied and say that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the choices of choices, which is Concrete.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences must feel very vivid and very concrete ways.
Why does people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards, which when you use cash use?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shakespeare Benjamin and Alexander Predict, on the staff of Indian Indian World who worked in INCAR, these people were in a meeting where they were being applied to a 404 plan.
At that meeting, that we looked at exactly how it was used, we made a little addiction.
What we added was that we asked the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minister there was an increase in the applications of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts of four percent.
The third technique is to Classic.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Western supermarkets along the edge of the Norden stream, the magazine exhibit can contain from 33 different types to 640.
But you know?
Because the classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called "Japanese and the other, Steiner."
If you think the one on the left is Syndrogen, and the one on the right is Japan, give a palm.
(Apollulators -- well, there's a few.
If you think the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Syndrog, give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Syndrogen. But you know what?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something to who choose -- not when they define them.
You can often see this problem with those huge fundraising.
And who are you infecting?
My fourth category can continue.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we only simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complex complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision.
This is a German communication manufacturer that allows you to personalize it.
You have to take 60 decisions, to assemble the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that they offer each one.
Colorful, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, box of change, four choices.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions.
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, to a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look?
How involved you are.
If you are always accessing the button by defects in every decision, this indicates you're overwhelmed -- or you're losing them.
We found that the ones who go from many choices at a time, they open the button by affection over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from little options to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order that information is presented in.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to choose.
Even though you choose the change box doesn't say anything about the preferences of internal decoration.
We have a product that we're building now that has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of option of option: Corrupt, eliminate strange alternatives -- Concrete, make it real. Classify, we can handle more categories with less choices, to connect complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented were designed to help manage the alternatives or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for the people who they serve.
It is that I think the key to getting the best of an election is being careful by choice.
And the more careful we are in our choices, the better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter to write to the government.
I had to register a piece of text of writing with the machine.
And this so that government could track the origin of text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could trace your footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West we don't know that someone could do this, how much it would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some printed yellow dots on each page that follows a pattern that makes you own one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to save a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world we can farm the attacks according to its attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the cyberspass.
Mirita Gulbor in the city of Kivee, in Ukraine.
The encryption cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use cybercrimes to make a lot of money, huge numbers.
There are really many cases of millions online, multimedia, that made money with their attacks.
This is Valley Tasmanian, in Table, Star.
This is Alfred Gold.
This is Stephen Water.
This is Burbine Sony.
These are Matthew Anderson: Tail Altors and so on, etc.
These guys do their leaders online, but they do it by illegal media through the browser to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this gentleman -- Sam Jaie, and this account was 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jane is still stopped -- he knows his park.
And I say that today is more likely than any one of us is victim of a surgeon than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going wrong with worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of applications in importance we see today is not motivated by the money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate them the protests, they motivate them, they motivate them the laughter.
groups like Americans have failed in the last 12 months occupying a role in the attacks online.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, the refugees like Americans who do it to protest and the last group is the national states the governments they attack.
And then we see cases like Digital Digital.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Digital is an authority for the Netherlands, or actually it was.
Declare the last fall, because of a sacred.
They dreamed the security of the site and they played a cyber cartoon.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with representatives of Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack of diagnosis.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from an attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certificated.
So why do you serve the certainty?
Well, you need if you have a website with the stories, services SATC, services like Ghana.
Except that they are going to intercept foreign credit authority.
And they were emitting computers.
And in the case of Digital digiting exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt, protesters took out the headquarters of the secret police in April 2011, and during the room of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers there was this folder called "Broadskapage."
And within that folder, there were notes from a company in Germany that had sold him the Egyptian government to intercept the communications of citizens in the country.
They had sold this tool for 2003, the Egyptian government.
The company of the company is right here.
That is, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago, the Street Steven was found -- a transparency used by the German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They will use even tools like the Tree Scientific to infect our computer with a transparency to allow us to see all the communication, and listen to the online discussion, to get our data.
When we think about things like these obvious response should be, "Well, it looks bad, but I really don't affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why do I worry about that?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's at play the privacy.
Privacy is not discussing.
It's not a question of privacy privacy.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we have today is going to be forever.
Are we going to trust in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that you should worry about over the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the south part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi has no close in most of the south, which means that wild animals like the fibers migrate outside the park.
And predators, like the lions. They follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it dead in the morning, I felt very bad because it was the only tournament we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to protect them, and that's why we value them.
So I grew up hearing a lot to lions.
The deaths are warriors that protect our community and the livestock, and they're also mad with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, from six at nine years old, is responsible for his father's cattle, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this wasn't serious, because I even helped the lions see the status of far.
I didn't give me. I went on.
A second idea was to use a share.
I tried to deceive the lions to believe it was near the station.
But lions are very clever.  They came the first day and saw the shelter, and they went out, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped out and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the floor with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I will learn and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
I armed everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little indicator box.
And the indicator box makes the lights apart.
As you can see, the light bulbs give outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come from night.
The lights are disappearing and fooling the lions to think I'm walking through the station, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never got to have trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
And she had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights up.
I said yes.
I put them up. You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by Kenya, to scare other predators, like hemisper, legalized, and it's also using to play flowers from farms.
Because of this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funding and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and install lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So, a year ago, it was just a child in the states of the savanna sending the cows of my father, and I used to see flying airplanes and told me that someday I would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to get an engineer of aviation and pilot when he grows up.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
Step on. What in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship. Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electric inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RL: My next invention -- I want to make an electrical fence -- CA: A climbing clip?
RL: I know you were already invented by electrical close, but I want to do mine.
CA: So you try it once, right? And you -- RSA: I've tried it before, but couple because I got a camera.  CA: On the head of the canopy. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to animate in every step that you go, friend of mine.
Thank you very much. RSW: Thank you very much.
When I was a little, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No sent nothing."
And I felt very proud of it.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim IIISS, but we never learned much about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan is the enemy.
Although I sometimes asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed all of a sudden.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor and I had never passed hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister's colleagues.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We're lying together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, that we're prepared to die."
I was very high.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a kid in his arms looking at the face of his mother without able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine, arms to North Korea.
At the end, more than a million North Koreans died during the famine and only few survive eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more often the energy cut, all of my around the next night in the night except by the sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light, and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the American River, which is a limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very announced in certain points, allowing North Koreans to cross secret.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant relatives, right?
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a North Norway.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because North American refugees in China were considered illegal immigrant.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be replaced to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was made reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and interviewed me in the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being a Norwegian, then they tested my skills in Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to blow out.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and defored.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer questions.
At the end of the interrogation an official said to another, "This was a fake report. She's not Norway."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some North Koreans in China are looking for asylum in foreign embarrasss.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and debate.
These women had a lot of luck.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, incredible North Koreans are captured in China and deposited to North Korea, where they're tortured or increased or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape a lot of other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all its world can be turned into an instant.
And that's why after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to go to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
To stay in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South America.
We are all Koreans, but inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of division.
You even go through a crisis of identity.
Am I a surgery or Norway?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there wasn't a country that I could call with the pride of me.
Although encouraging life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the entropy exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a call alternative.
North Korea authorities introduced some money that I sent to my family, and as a punishment my family was going to be displaced to force a location in the outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I began to plan how to help them escape.
The North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I got into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them in some ways, for over 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus in bus took a week, and we almost were caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identity of everyone, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I deviced my family, and I told him that they were homeless people who were completing.
I looked at me very simply, but fortunately he believed me.
We did all the way up to the Late Bard.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lass.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and crazy to cross the border illegally breaking.
After paying tickets and bonds, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the Latin capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was arrested in a short distance of the South Korean embassy embarrassment.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or multiple.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What's the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about question.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and no doubt -- the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two North Koreans and taking them out of prison.
I thank him with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why does it help me?
"I'm not helping you."
"I'm helping the normal village.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown stranger symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North people when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community is really the hope rays that the North people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met us in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half of the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families and when they went to a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practices, work, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea, and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with family still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've got a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Northern transforming around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is Central Center, lithium shops, rapid food.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of Southern Center so that it represents something else, so they changed it to the South Angeles, as if this will fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles Anders.  There are the lines of little bits, fast food.
Just like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Angeles Center South, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying from cultural diseases in the Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times higher than, say, Beverly Hillas, who's like 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I wondered, how would they feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they come out of house sees the data system that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as used cars.
I see conductive conflicts like Starch.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I also get tired of driving 45 minutes of walk and back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a land farm we call a garden.
It's 45 a.m. x three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I'm coming to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Greeks, we get together and start to plant our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine whole vegetables.
What we do, we are sort of a group paid by appropriately composed by gardens of all the procedures from all the way across the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained.
And the city came up to me and in short, they gave me a story saying that I had to get my garden.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order for planting food in a piece of land that no one matter?  So I was like, "Well, leave me."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Libera, and I talked to the concept and one of the members of Green Greeks, who put a petition in Charlotte, with 900 signatures, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My concrete even called to say they were responsible and worship what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more sticked terrain.
It has 60 miles of stickers balled.
That equals 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 720 million tomato plants.
Why does it look like this?
Growing a plant will give a thousand thousand seed.
When a dollar of rooms will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my small, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for County South.
I grew up there. I grew up my kids there.
I became part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graffiti -- I grow my art.
Just like a graph artist, that employees walls, I embarrassed soil, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my excitement of that canvas.
You'll be surprised to see what the earth can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a aggression is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how they affect kids.
The garden is the most therapeutic and provocative act they can do, especially in a graduate.
They get free.
I remember one occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, were like the 16th of the night and they were in my yard, salt, and looked very short.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when you see people who were so close to me with hungry, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Well, don't you afraid people will steal your food?
I say, "Oh God no, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it."
That's why it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to take your health.
There was another time when I put a garden on a shelter in the Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was sharing their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Greeks has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had about 50 people coming from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids will eat color.
If you grow tasks, you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you're not taught how food affects your mind and body, you eat blind to your own forest.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they're trapped in. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, which doesn't take them anywhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are commissioned from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carrier.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole garden of gardens where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to sustain it.
What I talk about is to put people to work, take the kids in the street, who know the joy, the pride and honor of growing their own food, opening farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all become erocial revolutions, gas, gender gardens.
We have to change the script of what's a breath.
If you're not a garden, you're not a bang.
That the bands take their pile OK?
That is their choice.
In short, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, they don't call me if they want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some crap -- to talk about doing some measure.
If you want to see me, they come to the garden with their pole so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Martin sounds)  (Audience noises)  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of assault, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the application that you save.
And especially if you go in your bike and these cars go on, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we wanted a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porn appropriations roads.
The purpose purpose, a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands, has pores and the water can go through it, so the whole water water flow down to the sides and will have a road for which it's easy to drive, and not save water.
The noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very dry, the whole noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disappears, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can destroy.
What is it to do? You see that in this road, the stone stones come out.
First of all, then several more and more and more and so on, and then -- well, I won't do that.  But you can give it your windshield -- and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create backs with that.
Ah, it's ready.
Backets, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how the damage is in this material.
It's a porous, as I said, so it only has a little amount of adolescence between stones.
Because of the insect, the ultraviolet light, to the optimism, this adult, this book, the glue between the nuts, will be excuse, and if you choose it, you will get microbes and you will separate from the addicts.
So, if you drive on the road, you get the added -- as you saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of materials of surgery.
If we can make this material become authoritarian, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean stress, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the button.
So we have a share with little pieces of steel steel on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an industrial machine.
Individual can heat out, especially steel is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the sidewalk, melt the button, the button flow through these microbes and the stones will go back to the surface.
Today I used a micro-month-looking oven, because I can't bring the big introduction machine here to the stage.
Microscope oven is a similar system.
I put the show -- I'm now going to get to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
And we tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try it."
So they gave us a piece of roads, 400 meters of the 1985 highway, where we had to do a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test on the road, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any harm. That's what we know about practice.
We took many samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples age, we put a lot of payload in them, we repair them with our manufacturing machine and we repair them, and we would test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've made a material using steel fibers by incorporating these fibers using the energy of industrialization for actually increasing the life of the surface of the road, even you can double the life of the surface -- you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to cool first before I can show you how the repair is.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of the ring in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in her face that was unusual in those times, because news generally depressed it.
"The Taliban went out. I shout my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came up from Afghanistan and made illegal girls go to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister who had no longer alone outside to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books on market bags so that we would look like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us approached in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot.
We all knew that we risked our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban suspended.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were shaped, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a teacher.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total security of a remote province from Afghanistan, insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father was reported.
But my education mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It will become two years ago, just to turn our house into school for girls and women from our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family to get education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the transitions, despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk to not educate his children.
Over the years, I remember there were times when I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "Me, daughter me, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So don't you even want to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of my age, they have more than the school, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud to graduate in Minoke College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one who was explained from her home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate his daughters was one.
He doesn't just get rid of my college degree, but also I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, who I carry it down on the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1987, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why collapse SOPA, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like me, advocate for them, to weigh and still face a devastating opposition.
Like America. It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were going from SOPA to his village, and literally they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you are the phone, a voice told you that if I kept sending your daughter to school, you'll try to try.
"Look at me, if you mean, you said, "But I won't harm my daughter for his old and recorded ideas.
What I've realized about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling revenue of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. The girls who went to school are in hundreds, remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear these changes don't last long after the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at the students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that encouraged them, I see a primary future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities, and every day of SOLA girls remember me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I never forgot the words of my grandmother who died in the exile, "Hi, resist Gabarty. He struggled with him.
But you never become a galaxy relative to you.
It has spent almost two years since it comes up with the light revolution inspired by the waves of mass mobility so much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A force with many other citizens with a lot of other cities, inside and outside of the country to call a day of forager and start a revolution against the original regime of Gabage.
And we succeeded. It was a big revolution.
Women, young men and young men were in the variation, demanding the fall of the regime, providing freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown a courage to take the brutal dictator of Gabage.
They've shown a big sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tissue.
However, Gaddafi left a cheap heavy, a legacy of therapy, corruption and selection seeds.
For four decades, the original regime of Baghdad destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of civil society.
Consumer for devastation and the challenges, I have wanted to have a lot of other women, rebuild civil civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and just to democracy and national reconciliation.
They were established about 200 organizations in Benice during and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Tribe.
After a 33-year-old period, I went back to Libya and with a unique excitement, I started organizing workshops about the development of capacity, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the Platform of Women Liberian by Peace -- a movement of women, leaders, from very diverse orientation -- to advocate for the social autonomy of women and by our right participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the predictable period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized -- which is moving from the selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 100 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, a little bit of a little bit of the election and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing, every day we found news of violence.
One day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi toys.
Another day he sent with the news of the American ambassador and the attack of the consumer.
Another day we wake up with the news of the army official seat.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continued values of human rights to prisoners and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is politically politically, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
Interactive, exclusion and revenge.
I'm not here today to inspire us with our history of the success of the "blindness and the elections.
Rather, I'm here today to tell you that we as a nation, as a nation, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
Is the list to create and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation.
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society folded and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion, both of the men and for women?
Perhaps what was missing wasn't just women, but female values of compassion and mercy and inclusion ...
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the choices, which only reinforce polarization and divide.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting like anger agents and calling a day of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, that not only honor but also put the mercy in place in the place of revenge. collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of the explanation.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by the war, needs desperately to get peace.
Because peace has an accident that tries to treat the interaction and alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real creation.
We need to establish that in an existential way before I do it socially.
According to a Koran Season, Palestinian God, "It's the word of the mysterious God, "I take compassion?
At the same time, the word "remove" -- which is known in all the Abrahamic traditions, has the same root in Arabic that word "broken: symbolic the female and material, which underlies all of the humanity that men and women, which all of the tribes and all the peoples have email.
And so, just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of the entire compassion all the existence.
So this is what it is like, "My mercy is going to be on all things.
This is what it is like, "My mercy.
All of you are given to the museum of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an incredible question, which has a equally incredible answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that they all do always, why is she left?
Why was anybody going to stay with a man who paid it?
I'm not a psychiatrist, not a social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just license me at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and an editor in the Seventh magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green Army Exploration, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who I created my twin soul, pointed to my head with a gun.
The man, he loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened with killing me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of lovely love, a psychological trap. Where they fall every year of millions of women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English at Harvard University and I have an MBA at Manchester of the White Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the Forest 500 list, between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Bronx and The Washington Post.
It's almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black barbel and driving a money Harvard Oval.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the races, all the religions, all of the levels of content and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the matrix are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, independent and long duration or said otherwise, in families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, reason for which, the domestic abuse turns out so disconnect.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be left with a man who would paste him, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
It was 22 years old, and in the United States, women aged between 16 and 24 years old have three times more possibility to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls in that age are killed every year by couples and children and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting on my side in New York subway and started to fail with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was he had just been able to read from a college from the Lego Legal and work in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that looked like a field of the field.
He had big models like apples and a hard tribe hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that I did -- from the beginning -- was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it especially at the beginning putting on a penis.
We started out and loved everything from me, which was a list that I had gone to Harvard, who had passion to help girls teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Control believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And that's why the license in that prestigious school and the work in Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to be seduced and making the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my work, and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a love shift: which was coming out of head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacts it.
And here is where those guns come in.
As soon as we move to New England you know, that site where I was supposed to have to feel so safe and bought three distances.
One had a car forest.
Another one would take it underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that he needed those guns because of the trauma that he lived in a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pilots actually were a message for me, and although I never raised my hand, my life was already in serious danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congress happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the trucks.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother short of my mother and married with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very straight.
It just had been very aggressive by the wedding and because of the fact that I formed a family with me.
It had been an isolated accident, and I would never make me harm.
I spent twice as much as our honey moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in my head that stole several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our moon of honey was taken by the traffic and threw a Big Mac from the face.
Control kept putting one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or access at some point in their life, and the Disease Control Center reports that every year 15 million children are killed, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why was it left?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, in love with a deeply strange man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congress to face his demo.
The other question that everybody does is: Why does it simply not be married?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that you normally ignore you, is incredibly dangerous to abandon a male laptop.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has put the relationship to the relationship, after you move, because then the abortion has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include permanent access, even after the abortion has gone back to married, financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to translate to the victim and their children, who normally are forced by judges to spend their mother.
And yet we keep asking why it's simply not going?
I was able to go, because of a last sentence that came up with my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he had allowed him.
So I broke silence.
I told everyone the world: police, my neighbors, to my friends and family, to complete unknown, and I'm here today because everybody helped me.
We have the tendency to strengthen victims as spiritual headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people it's a way of saying, "The blame is yours for supporting it, as if the victims are going to be able to interact with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Low Lovine, I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also exploded, who learned an unintended lesson of what happened to them and recognized their lives and happy lives, and happy lives and mothers and completely free violence of violence like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a survival of very typical domestic violence.
I got married with a guy and a love man and we have those three children.
I have that black washing and also that minister.
And what will never have ever ever got more, it's never going to be a pilot on my head in the hands of someone who says it wants me.
Right now, as you're thinking, "Oh, that's fascinating -- or "Hey, what dumb it was, but all this time, I have actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being mapped or that they were small or that they are absorbent themselves.
The rat could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love love by breaking silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse shows only in silence.
They have the power to end with domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They shake the matrix to the light talking about it with his kids, their coworkers of work, their friends and family.
Bring your vision from survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to be able to consciously intervene to slow their scale and show the victims a safe path.
Together, we can turn our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that they should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm model.
To be precise, since 10 years ago.
And I feel like at this moment there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because it shouldn't have been dressed like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first color change on a TED stage, so you have a lot of fortune to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when he came out, they don't have to say it now, but I'll find it later in Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege to change what they think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so you don't do anything while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I have completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would draw my back, and it would take the hair of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial board like the one I did two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our aspect -- which, although superficial and immune, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being a courageous means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a sense.
The first question is, how does it become model?
And I always say, a hardware discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason that I made model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admire -- we have also associated with a high and high figure, to the food and a white skin.
And that's my heritage -- I have a heritage that I have known to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now specialized, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion they say, wait. There are Namibia, Time, Joan Seasons, Lou Weither.
First of all, happy for knowing so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and every one of the models in the runway, and from the 67 modeling models, just 27 to say, less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be model when it's more?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I would really tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a native cartoon surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If you have this spectacular list, you still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I tell you, I know my behave.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the head of reduction of the American magazine or the Empathy CEO of HIV, or the next Steven Mexico.
To say that you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose to.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiac surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've got your studies, and you have a curriculum and some work to your backs, you won't matter what you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your curriculum said, model of interior clothes for 10 years, people would look at you.
The next question that people are always doing is whether all the photos are replaced.
And yes, they are virtually replaced all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a biology, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
This is how it looks at my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a pirate party a few days before the photos for French Voice.
Here I am with my football team and the magazine View.
And this is me at the time.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They're creating a group of professionals, floping, machines, photographers and strategies, and all of their aid and pressure people and prototype, and they managed to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question people are always doing is: Do you get free things?
I have a lot of talks about 20 inches and I never use, except the previous pair but the privilege that I get is the ones that I get in real life, and we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a grocery store, and I forgot to wear money, and they gave me the free dress of it.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a confident printer, and he took a sign in red, and of course, they stood up, and he was a feeling -- agents to be able to keep driving down.
And I enjoy these privilege privilege for my respect, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their aspect without matter who they are.
I live in New York City and last year, of the 140 teenagers who were given and regulated, 86 percent black and Latino -- and most of them were young men.
And there are only 170,000 young black and Latino young people in New York, so for them, it's not a matter of me?
But how many times are I going to stop me? And how?
By researching for this talk, I learned that 50 percent of the 13 years in the United States don't like your body, and that number is extended to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is: If you're a little bit more thin and you have the most brilliant hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like that.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, ingenuity and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the most brilliant hair will be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs and the brightest hair and the more of the fashion -- but probably the women are physically more insecure.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something to retain from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have of success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since it was the biggest enough to support a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious photos, and I wasn't me who brought them.
There was no artistic directors, no strangers, no opportunity to repeat the photos.
In fact, most of them took them random tourists at random.
My story starts when I found out in New York City to give a position, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of 57 and five.
He gave the quality that we came back to New York just a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When I came up with the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take it to New York in a parent trip and tell the ritual right?
This is when we started to ask the tourists that were going to take us the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, no one has ever been had to have a camera.
By then, we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 17, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always get the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter comes up new stories, and I can see life through their eyes and how it perceives and interacting with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the travel, we were walking on, when all of a sudden, it stopped in dry and pointed out a red roof of the wrist store that would take a little bit in before.
And I described what had felt at five years in the same place.
I was trying to remember her heart pulling up with force when I first saw that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York is universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created are the memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious memories of memories.
I don't know about you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one who gets the picture.
Today I want to encourage everyone to appear in the picture, and they don't doubt to come up to someone and ask him, "Did you take a picture of us?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The buildings are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It also has been associated with Disney laughter personalized as mind characters, dumb, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press press, applications and activities are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept.
Don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament do not remain clean the environment.  The parliament doesn't help prevent the spread of disease.
They are very much monitored.   They're far away from extinction.  And my favorite, the bush has better presence --  -- there are two types of buildings on this planet.
There's the business of the New World who are mostly found in the Americas, like the conditions and the cards and the old World Bureaus and the old World Countries, where we have 16 species. Of these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are you important? First of all, provide vital ecological services, clean ecological services.
They are our natural trash collection.
They clean the walls up to the bone.
They help kill all bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that not to be out and cause big losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no buildings, the walls take three to four times more time to get up, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The buildings also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Nick was the symbol of the protein and the maternity and, along with the copper and they simulated the unit between the High and the England Building.
In the Hindu microscope, Japanese was the god buried, and he risked his life to save the Diane Side of the 10 head Range.
In the Tibetan culture, there are some very important entire entertains in the open sky in places like the Titan, there's no place to bury death, or wood to create them, so these buildings provide a natural elimination system.
What's the problem with the builds?
We have eight species of building in Kenya, from which six are in extreme extinctions threatened.
The reason is that they're being poisoned -- and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife, paralyzed communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the buildings are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of building are on the critical list of endangered danger, which means in less than 10 or 15 years, and the reason is because they fall out of the winning consumption of livestock that has been treated with an analog drug like Delight.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a posture.
Since there is no building, there's been a spread in the number of streets in cardiologists in caves, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge time pump for radio. The number of case cases have increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 350 getting out of the Turkish lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because the wind turbines do this to the birds. They cut them by half.
It's board tribes.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible commercial trade trade to serve the border and the feminist market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting them together.
We're trying to determine its basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focusing on a problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating buildings, on the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide them.
How can you help? You can become active -- you can get active, make noise -- you can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very innovative creatures -- donate their time to spread the word.
When you get out of this room, you will be informed about the buildings, but talk to your families, with your kids, with your neighbors on your neighbors.
They're very elegant. Charles Darwin said that he changed it because he saw them fly without effort, no energy spending in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do personally -- my life has been shaped by seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1977 to 1977, I think, but I'm not.  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Coast of Maryland, Archiminary and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGOs, and every project we set up in Africa.
And I was purpose.
I thought, at the age of 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we played we anticipated.
Our first project, the one that inspired my first book, "Okapies of the Zapage," was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia.
So we got with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends down to the Zapage River, and we teach the local ones to grow Italian and calculating tomatoes ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't accept.  We were astonished that the local, in so cold Valley, they had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible to grow nothing, we just said, "Thank God we are here."  Just in time to save people from "the "game of the Humb."
And of course, everything in Africa is beautifully culture.
We got these magnificent tomatoes -- in Italy, a tomato will grow this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the "bombers: "Look at the easy agriculture?
When the tomatoes were nice, materials and red, overnight.
And the shows said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why didn't they say it. You never asked.
I thought only we Italians we took mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypotheses.
You should see the waste.  You should see the waste that we gave to people in Africa.
It wants to read a book, read "Does "Martin Death, from Mount Moore, employees.
The book published in 2009.
We, Western donors, we've brought the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that the money has caused it.
Just read your book.
Give it a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are imperative, colonizable missions, and we treat people only in two ways, or pathogens, or we're pathologically.
The two words come from the Latin Latin room, which means "paradigm."
However, they mean two different things.
Patriotist, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids. "I want to do a lot.
Patricitance, I'm dealing with all of the different culture as if they were my services.
So the white in Africa are called "Brooklyn: leader.
And that book gave me a slap in the face -- "The small thing is beautiful: written by Shirity, who said for all of economic development, if people don't want to be helped -- departed alone.
This must be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to breathe.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you be able to imagine a city that isn't negative?
I decided at the age of 27 years only to respond to people, and invented a system called Compass Facebook where you never start anything, you ever motivate anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of the local people who have a dream of becoming a better person.
So what you do? You shut out.
It has never come to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people of local.
We don't work from the office.
We met in a coffee cafe. We got together in a pub.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important.
The passion that the man has for its own personal growth is the most important.
And then we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, we heard them -- but not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with the community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never add, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, which opportunity has identified them.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't get their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the business physician of business, who is set up with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way to make your life.
I started this as a test in waiting, Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this congestion junk where we get to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects on the march, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I got out and listened to you.  So --   So the government says, "Go back again.  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We have helped start 40,000 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Dragon, one of the greatest entrepreneurial advice in history, passed at 96: A few years ago.
Peter Dramatic was a philosophy professor before we get involved in business, and this is what Peter Dragon, "Performance is actually incompatible with a society and an environmental company economy.
planning is the kiss of the death of the business spirit.
So now you're going to rebuild Charley without knowing what the most asteroid people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them confidence, privacy, it has to be fantastic about helping them, and then they will go in mass of it.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion and passion.
What do you have approached more this morning.
Local people passionate -- that's what you have applied.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution -- not renewables, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The phrase as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we have to consider, is how we nurture, we cure, we educated, we transport, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution -- the universities? Forget it."
Government? Forget it."
It's going to be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1860s.
And in the 1980s, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was multiple: New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve, and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring the population in New York at the top, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already becoming seasonally.  So in 1860, they were dissing this dirty technology that would look at New York life.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States it came up with 100 automotive manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few strategies, scales, factories in mating places.
Derek, Michael. Henry Ford Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them confidence.
Otherwise, you're not going to be happy with you.
Then, you have to offer them an absolute one, dedicated and enthusiasm.
And then you will have to tell you the truth with this about to understand.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three great things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic. You have to count with a fantastic commercial, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that I can do, selling and looking for the money alone.
There is no exist.
This hasn't yet been born.
We've been researching and looked at the 100 icon companies in the Carnegie world, West, Edison, Ford all new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: None of them were started by one person.
The word "Most, but the word "Our "World: 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody begins a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have factors, who come from a little business of little businesses sitting in coffee coffee bars next to their dedicated dedicated who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epidemic who speaks to you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." I want you to look for somebody to look for it?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange much knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like autobiographics, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like how much my neighbors are paying for their appeal?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand better our landscape.
How do we share more our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dream?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give shadows to air and drunk and shoes for centuries and conflict in a city.
It always gives you the music --  -- there's a desperate in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of additional property properties.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was Joan as a mother for me.
Her death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this made me a profound gratitude for the living time.
It gave clarity to the meaningful things of my current life.
But I argue for keeping this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant pilot and painted on it phrases for complete, "Before I want to die.
So the tenses could take a county, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was replaced and still covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
But before I die, I want to be a pilot a pigeon --  Before I die, I want to sit on the disorder of the date of date?
Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die, I want to plant a tree.
Before I die, I want to live outside the network.
Before I die, I want to hug one more time.
Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue.
Before I die, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh at cards, they displayed me, and they gave me hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and spirituality. It's about giving the reflection to the reflection and the contamination, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my civic center colleagues, we made a kit and now have been done in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrated the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of distribution distributes, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is brief.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that tell us more power.
Think about climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fear and stories, the people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
I was 22 years old, it's high and very good.
It doesn't talk, but it brings joy better than some of the best speakers.
Memory knows what love is.
I share it dramatically passes what happens.
It's not old. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lied.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make words of the words I couldn't even remember me, it reminds me one thing: how little we know about mind and how wonderful it should be unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's very good.
It has the most implicated memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year I came up with each of the songs of my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, getting paid in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the birthday of Lady Galapago.
Doesn't it seem incredible?
But most people don't.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society, often they're ignored and unconsciously.
But what propelled my heart and forced my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they weren't going to consider them inside the order, that could only mean one thing: they were extraordinary, autistic and extraordinary things.
Now, for those less familiar with the term autism, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual it's manipulated in a different way, from there that I was so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that are faster.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
He had a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
I was living in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smaller things, like putting the cars around the room, looking at the washing machine, and eating anything that would be amongst the media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more evidence.
But beyond the landscapes, the frustration and the endless hypotherna, there was something really unique, a pure nature and innocent nature -- a child who saw the world without precisions, a human being I had never lied.
remarkable.
I can't deny that there have been some hard moments in my family, moments in which I wish they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuals, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that didn't want to change for normal.
The normal happens by high beauty that gives us the differences and the fact that it doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey a single thing to Member and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they are a danger." Every one of us has a gift in their interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for large, progress and change die at the time we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit about what must have been Alise in the country's country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a communication class to engineering students.
He was scared.  So saddled -- saved from these students with his big minds, his big books and his big and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when I fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with the students, and I was surprised by the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We need desperately a big communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our larger challenges from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists having these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and their engineering is attractive.
First question to say, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the words, but they study the words, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat oxygens.
And when they're describing their science, they care with the jargon.
So openness is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "space and temporary, but why don't I say space and time."
To make them accessible is not the same thing to make them.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging the ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they're ways of fighting and excited with their content.
And when they present their work, forget about the balance signals.
They have wondered why they're called balances?  What do you do? The bullets kill and kill your presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language of our brain and opened us.
Instead, this example of Venus Brown is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the features is so strong that it actually inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower design.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence -- legal, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding than you describe it.
I think these are just some key key key things that can help each other open the door and look at the country of the wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, all the media, make it simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of the entire Oxford English dictionary is "self-down."
Just because it sounds very good.
And "self-down means "political political."
Although there was a New century of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A "generating is the one who seeks a public charge without matter matter, platform or principle, and that, when I win, you get it for the mere use of a monumental revolution broghbark.
I have no idea what it means to be "reflexible."
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until -- Sahara that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliament camera.
And all of this was thanks to the courage of a guy with the name of Bruce Crestairity, who was faced to the Parliament Park.
He got in the London Tower and was incarcerated -- but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such popular support in London that he won.
And just a few years later, we had the first registered use of the phrase so "Bag as "man?"
Most people think it's literally.
It's not. It's by a advocate of freedom freedom.
But to show you really how the words and politics interact, I want you to return to the United States, right after independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debate in Congress for a long time.
They presented all kinds of suggestions that they might have collected.
Some people wanted to call it Washington State "Ash," and others, "Your Alpha George Washington, and other "Professors of the U.S. Pentagon People.
Not very straight.
Some just wanted to call it "Real."
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And not even with it, they were ministering, they had the idea that you could be elected King by a certain term.
And I could have served it.
Everybody gets tired of them, because this debate is provided for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor sensor, and I always wrote, yet."
What caused the rhetoric and the until the Camp of representatives was against the Senate.
The House of representatives didn't want Washington to be embraced in power.
They didn't want to call it King for if he did to him or his strength ideas.
So they wanted to give them the most modest and more impressive and more popular title that they were happening for.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- already before, but it just meant somebody who has a meeting.
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more gravity than the term captured or Superhise."
There were events of little colonial and fraction of government, but it was actually an insignificant title.
And so the Senate opened.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
This guy has to be treated and gathering with foreign digitals."
"And who will take you in serious with such ridiculous and insignificant title as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't catch.
We can learn three interesting things about all of this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never referred to the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep there, waiting for the Senate between in action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- we may keep waiting for 223 years.
But the third thing we can learn -- and this is the most important thing -- and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. Peterne title doesn't sound at all as modest as today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to device, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of non-lethal vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have broken to the title of gravity.
So at the end of the end.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the sensitivity appearance -- well, it was an simplicity by then.
But you know how many nations have any presidents?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end of the Senate won and the House of representatives lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they're now the president of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I would like to leave you.
The politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but really, it does change a lot more the words than what these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet under land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the shoreline of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that calculation of male towers and stones with primitive tools.
Like others, I took a little cheap light of light stores to the head with this artist stage, and I can barely distinguish the branches of the branches that hold up the walls of this meter hole that drops hundreds of meters on the ground.
So my hand, and suddenly I remember a mining that I met days before, who lost control and fell in that book.
As I talk to you today, these men are deep in that hole to risk their lives without paying or reward and, often dying.
I came out of that hole and I went home, but they will never do it, because they're pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Vancouver Peace Camp.
Among all the amazing people I met there, I met a Service of "French the Sallses: an NGO that is devoted to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew there was in the world but not such a degree.
When we finished talking, I felt very bad. honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this attention of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was asked by the stomach and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Street Side of the Stage and offer my help.
So it started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
Some of them even consider them my second home.
But this time, it would look at dirty trains.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people expanded in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the entire deal of transitional string.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars.
However, today you can be self-interested to entire families by generations per capita per capita film.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits from more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to then discover that they are forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and they can't escape.
Today slavery operates in trade: goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are discovered.
slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal all over the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the hands of bricks.
This weird and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the Indian infinity.
In a temperature of 54 degrees C, men, women, children, in fact, whole families wrapped into a heavy amount of dust -- mechanically they stack up male balls in their heads, until 18 at a time, and take them from the horrible home hosts to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
They demonstrated by the monopoly and the cancer work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 to 17 hours a day.
There were no passengers to eat, not to drink, and the severe destruction made it really interesting.
So penguins were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run to the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to reverse it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a lot better than these people.
Back in the oven I wanted to cry, but the abuse I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Los, you don't do it. Don't do it here."
And he explained to me very clearly that demonstrating emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
They could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
I had to rely on "The Sally and work within the system for his release, and he thought they would get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my self-confident heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids carrying rocks for miles for mountain terrain to trucks that were waiting for the bottom.
Those big phones were more heavy than the kids who would charge them, and children were holding them into their heads with houses made of strings, ropes and teams.
It's hard to get something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something so inspiring, but so obvious?
Some don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been so much life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages picked up their freedom, the slaves.
When I heard the slavery word we often think of sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness I was told that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina, I was charged by women who had been previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by a few anti-sense strengths that gave this dirty baseball, fluid light.
It wasn't exactly a brown.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restaurant, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the slaves women with their children and children, some of the only seven years -- are forced to train the clients and to encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each of it is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
In the premise, I remember making sense of a self-interest and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I only had a stop, the stairs where I came in.
There were no breakdown doors.
There was no big enough window to climb up.
Those people don't have a scale, and since we play such a difficult topic, it is important to point out that slavery -- even the sexual traffic -- happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens by the way, but we don't see it.
The textile is another activity that we often relate to a slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families stateless in the trade trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
The terminal hands of black are the father, the teeth of blue and red.
They mix toys in these big bars and dip silk on the liquid to the elbow, but the length is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
"We still hope, though, can come out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay for our job."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children in the Valley Lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a ship, two older brothers, some younger kids, make sense right?
mistake. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their extended families, disappeared and forced to work around extensive steels in these boats in the lake -- despite not knowing swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up to be settled, he was afraid her little canon was embarrassed.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the branches of the light trees in the fly fly are often catching networks and children and failure and fear, they run into the water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are gotten.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of his love, he's not going to flee and like the whole life has been treated with credibility, and he does treat the younger slaves under his command.
And I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they got up the last networks, but they had been working from one one.
At night cold and window.
And it turns out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Koko.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met him in a shelter where he shows the Sallses of slavery.
Kofi symmetries the possible.
Who will be because of somebody decided to make the difference in their life?
driving out of a road in Ghana with some prostitutes of "French the Sallses: an adaptive fellow with his motorcycle suddenly accelerate and overlapes our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it for a path of land to the forest.
At the end of the road, we were invited to get out of the car, and he asked the driver to go quickly.
And then I pointed out this feeling barely visible and said, "This is the path, this is the road. Come on.
As we started to go down, we took out the shirts that blocked the road, and after walking about an hour we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photo team on my head as we break into these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walk, the next path ended up overwhelmed in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all full of stable workers.
A lot of women had kids attached to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they walked in the waters that were sent to market.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are stated on a little bit in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were pregnant in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irreducibly, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people carry heavy bags that then will be transported to another area where they would map the stone to extract the gold.
At first sight, the site seems to be filled with strong and very clever men, but if we look closer, we see to work at some more fortunate and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the marketing of the market in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Manhattan inherit the uncle of the uncle that force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met him, I had worked in the mines 14 years old, and the leg of the leg that you see here is product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be amputated.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and yet it is forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream of being released and educated with local activists of local activists like "Rap the Sallses, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility -- what inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to get testimony from them, and we will make everything possible to help change their lives.
I just think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not free. They're people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think about these so many beautiful people, malaria, I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that force is coming up with a fire and that that fire is light on the slavery because, without that light, the slavery of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do applied mathematics and there's a peculiar problem for whom we do it, we're like management consumptions.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'll try and try to explain to you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
They spell up the virtues of the whale and the climb dancers --  that we will see later.
But the whale demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurologic disorders like Parkinson's Parkinson's disease, this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Straightaker, who, at his time, was a virtual dance of balance.
In the last few years, a lot of progress has been produced in treatment.
However, there are 6,000 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with inconsistent weakness and sharks, red and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it is too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately, the only way we will know if there really exists a cure to be when we have an objective and closing metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside of clinical trials, they never do -- it's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a hard journey to clinic. What if patients could do the test themselves.
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional way to try it, you see, in a sense at least at least, we're all virtue like my friend Jane Straight.
This is a video of the visualization of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as you start to speak sound -- we can imagine as dancers of a vocal whale because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the necessary genes, the Foxodian, for example.
And like the balance, it requires an extraordinary level of training.
Think of the time it takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal chords as they vibrate it, and so the Parkinson's impacts extraordinary, it also affects vocal organs.
On the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of remote shark from vocal strings.
Let's see the same symptoms.
Voice and redefining and reddenerating.
The speech becomes more quiet and split after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these tests compare to the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invisible. They both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are accurate. Well, but also the voice based on voice is not specialized in voice.
I mean, they can be advanced.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are musical cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it comes to mass scale.
These are some amazing goals ready to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
You wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the rubbing chocolate.
With high frequency monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could do massively low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, film cocktails on a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomaterials of disease before it is too late.
So when I first step in that way, we are launching the Parkinson's vocal Initiative.
Together to Acute and Philips, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone or without Parkinson's, it can be called low price and leaving recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mam, then Mammer, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, can you say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What would you get out of these shows?
Max Late: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate if you have or not the disease. TR: Sure.
ML: You see, some people may not pass it. They may not end up.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limitation factors in search of the real markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
LM: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thailands, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it's shown that it works on the mobile phone network also, what it looks at the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: Novelty and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
LM: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Life, audience.
ML: Thank you, Tom.
Before March in 2011, I was doing photographic challenges in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows and usually we avoid solar light.
We make the weak models even more skinny, the perfect skin is still more perfect we do the impossible, possible and crop in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with a lot of years of experience and a true like the images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly after, an organization where it was volunteers, there Hans Vollars, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 of May, I traveled to Oxford.
It's a little fishing village located in the Indian Republic of almost 50,000 people, one of the first towns affected by the wave.
Water level recorded over 24 feet tall and over three kilometers inside.
As you can imagine, people were devastated.
We took collections from channels and the stress.
We cleaned up schools. We take the wheel and leave the houses ready to be renewable and replaced.
We took tons and tons of fish fish, post, post-conflict factory.
We were stuck in and loved us.
For weeks, both the volunteers as the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and DVD cards.
They all did the same thing.
They will pick them up and take them to different places of the people around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffering.
As they fall out of the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I began to help in a town in the village evolution.
He helped clean the communal toilets, the big, giant bars.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the present center gets the photos.
They took them up and I had the honor that that day trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I would take myself my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some that had more than a hundred years old, some still on the top of the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking as a metaphor how to fix that load and repair that trace and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came into Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try it.
So we started playing the photos.
This was the first of all.
I was not too strategic, but where the water had decorated the face of the girl had to fix a lot of precision and definition.
Otherwise, that girl wouldn't have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the strategic picture.
At the time of time, they came up for much more photos, and they needed more reputations, so I went into Facebook and Lineave and five days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks I had 150 people willing to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Rickin, a neighboring village in northern Yamiday.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic library that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were trying to deliver them is a different story, it depends on the despair of the photos.
It could impact an hour. I could tell you weeks.
I could tell you months.
This kid had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water had no destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures underground in salt water, covered by bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of it with oil -- all of that together with the condition of time destroying them, so cleaning them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't replace the picture unless it was clean and dry and had been replaced by his leg.
We got lucky with the cleaning by hand.
We tell the guide of an administrative neighbors.
It's very easy to give you even more photos already damage.
As Window, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures had lucky in the photos.
He had started to clean her out, but he stopped when he realized that he gave them even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their face would not have been able to rebuild. We were able to flap the images in one picture and pick up the whole picture.
When I picked up his pictures shared something from his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the pictures in a station station between the rubble that they used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the locket of closing the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water as the smiles were sound.
Her little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that they had all survived.
The day he gave her pictures his younger son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to look, something that could remember the past that he hadn't been marked by that March day when everything in his life changed or destroyed was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined the Hands hundreds of them were helped to clean up over 135,000 photographs -- the big majority -- the big majority of them came back in their owners -- important.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us back 90 hundred families of totally respected photos and replaced.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone wanted to.
They are during our memories and stories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we would get to look for.
This is what the project is, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this one goes back to someone, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the reputations.
Some of them connected to something larger, to return something, using their talent for something that won't be modeled political states.
In order to finish this email -- I sent it Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I replaced, I couldn't stop thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, moved me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, my mother, I and my daughter was born from our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Dr. Edward inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that pulls an apple in an exhibition of only one million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion or a billion frames per second.
So I present a new kind of photograph: the photography, a new technique so fast that it can create videos in slow camera in motion.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the rounds, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really challenging the idea of camera.
If I take a laser piece and look at it and turn it into a silence of a second or so, you know, in many ways, you can create a piece of pictures of just a millimeter wide.
And that piece of photons -- that balance, travel at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common balance.
If we take that balance and this package of photons and we shoot in this bottle, how do those pictures look inside this bottle.
What is the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this --   remember, all of this happens in less than a new one is what takes the light to travel.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coke doesn't apply this research --  -- they have a lot of things in this film.
The pulse, our bullet comes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to turn it down, and that inside, it starts to disappear.
Part of the light is flowing on the table, and we started seeing these players.
Many of the photons finally come to the table, and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
In that time, the waves travel on the table, and because of the reflection of the top of the top, you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the implications concentrate themselves.
Now, if we take a common and running balance and we make it go through the same distance and we see it in the camera slow at about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie --  from a moving bullet in motion.
And what about testing with death death?
You can see the waves that get out of the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I thought, from a chemotherapy at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look again this shot, you will realize that, as the light gets out of the tomato take, it gets brilliant -- it's not deconstructed.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the red light in its inner and it comes back after several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this female is in its cell phone, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
So why do we create this camera at MIT?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it enters very little light.
But we're going to be a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so it will barely enter some light.
So we sent that balance -- that package of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very strange synthetic, we took those gifts of data and we were trading computer to create those memorizes that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in crude and process them in interesting ways.
Supermarket can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superconductor future allowed him to see after the rounds?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Republic, enter the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light reports.
It's not science fiction. We have built it.
On the left is our chemotherapy.
Behind the wall there is a manipulation and we would take light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works so fast, our chemotherapy, has unique capacity.
It has very good temporary resolution and can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door, and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent it does to what distance.
When you project a laser you can record a piece of brain, which you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like that, dozens of images, we will take them together and try to analyze the multiple reformers of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object.
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's going around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open window.
Or we could be able to be able to be able to see the inside of the body by stealing the economists, and the same for cartoons.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite hard, so this is actually a request to scientists so that they start thinking about the photography as a new visualization model to solve the problems of importance in health of the next generation.
Just like Dr. Edward, he himself turned science into art, an art of ultraviolet photographs.
I realized that all the data giants that we collect are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves -- remember, time between each of those waves is just a few billions of seconds.
But here is something fun.
If you look at the waves under the table, you get away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. The Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order in which events occur in the world sometimes appear to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding information of space and time, we can run this distortion out.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell cell can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone you can record a song, put it up to South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South
All of this is possible with a cell phone.
I'm a chip in 1984 and alive in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people are trying to look for a change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people who are trying to look for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who had a cell phone here?
Give up.
Raise your mobile phones, get it."
Get it. An Anderson, a Blackberry, wood.
It's a lot. Almost everyone has a cell phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my cell phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
Data in book.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a director.
The Data Research Director.
This directive says that every European telephone company, every Internet supply of the entire Europe, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who sends an email.
Who sends him a text.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in your phone company or your Internet provide.
And all over Europe people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data response.
We want the detection in the digital age, and we don't want the phone and the Internet suppliers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out of Berlin streets and said, "Freedom, not fear.
And some of them were even said that this would be Stage 2000.
The Stage was the secret police of Germany.
And I also wondered whether this works really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the phone?
So I asked my telephone Delight, Drama Telephon, who at that time was the largest phone company in Germany, who would please send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah, blah, white.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to introduce you a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Delth Telephony said no, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
I would take the demand and they send me the information I asked me.
Meanwhile, the German Constitution German failed the insulin for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly thing on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
It turns out and five thousand children three lines of information.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little strategy: What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I step at night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data retention means.
So, next to Keith Ollia, and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom up and zoom back, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I'm going from Franklin in train to colony, and what often I call in the journey.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call it the other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this big network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate between what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all of this.
You can see the centers of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to whom, who sent you an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the Star had known who involved in this protest, and if the Star had known who the leaders were, this had never happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in conclusion, neither of the Earth's Court.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But depression and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for determination.
You have to fight that every day.
When they go home to tell their friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century, and it's not a fashion past.
When you go home, tell your representative that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remember that you have to fight for determination in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWordle, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWordle, what happens?
I call me Massachuse Zamseley, and I'm not a strange, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, so I fear all the time.
Look.
It's a lower. I'm like a mixture of Shakespeare.
And Muhammad A.
The P. C. It's not genetics.
It's not contrary to not afford it.
No one broke my mother and I didn't hire it because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
It only happens by accidents, like the one that happened when I was born.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad about me, because at some point in life, they have wanted to be disabled.
Let's go on.
Christmas vacantists, are you in the commercial center, drive in circles looking for parking parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And you think, "God, can I be at least a little bit disabled?
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P. C. It's just one of them.
There will be an opinion food, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a palm, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Clichage, in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same beginning.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with cerebral paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "not?
The mantra of my father was, "Can you have to do it. dancing songs."
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I would clean up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were department to the school system, and they made sure that I was also out there, and if we didn't get out of the whole note we all got the shoes of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at five years by putting my talents in his feet and just walking.
Another technique that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that I would pursue it.
The spread that I carried in was very strong, and ...
Yes. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a bomb champion that has received a lot of complasses.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabic, and they keep all of the family --  I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think appropriate to use "Obama to Muslims as a campaign class.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to be concerned about a lot of hunger in the radio.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating up, so I will help the dawn of leaving it is very easy.
Ballet tape in Brooklyn.
Yeah, in Brooklyn, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with talks, or I can walk with talks.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends were using talks, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Maddlin.
In summer vacation often my father was trying to send me, so I drank a deer milk, and I was put on hot class on my back, and I joined the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Wow, worked."
But the miracle cure was the Olympic.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga was a state of status that I couldn't stand in foot."
And now I can stand in my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General Hospital telephone.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the E.U., University of the State of Arizona, because it was in all the guys.
It was like the pet limit of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the lows of the least intelligent tasks, I took the note in my class, and also in his classes.
Every time I did a scene of the crystal stream, my teachers cried.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to do a work called the very slow dance in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with cerebral paralysis.
I was a girl with cerebral paralysis.
So I started screaming at the four winds, "In the end I have a paper."
I have cerebral paralysis."
At the end of the finger." At the end free."
Thanks to God the end, I am free."
I didn't get the paper.  So you gave it to Street Brown.
I went to the discovery of the theater department, crying historically as if someone had killed my cat, asking why and she told me that they could not do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts can't do the character.
It was a paper that literally had been born and gave it to an act without cerebral paralysis.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a little history of adding actors without disability for disabled papers.
When I went back home, I came back home, and my first active tour was a strand in a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew it would be a sensitivity assistant to better friend "cancer in a sensor.
Instead, it was there like a shrimp, I didn't see myself more than the nation, and it was obvious to me that the representative directors didn't hire legal actives, not white, with disabilities.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whole Goldberg Rose Barrier, Rosey, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commercial.
So I made me human.
In my first tour, I took famous comic comics from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first cartoon that I took when I fell on the realization that I was at high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had cerebral paralysis.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censor and without heart.
Some people say I'm the first monopoly in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know that they never heard that little golden rumor that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Olympic, and I launched the New York City Festival -- now in his 10, year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Nanopatch in the media and at the same time remind the directors of parts that Australia and Arabic are not simply.
Interviewing Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the spread of disability.
My big opportunity came in 2010.
I was as invited to the cable news program behind Keith Orlinan.
If I went into a graduate dance dance, they dragged me into a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, "Fine, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I cling to the desk of the speaker so I won't get out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was practically.
At the end I had my opportunity and the department. I knew they wouldn't be invited again.
But not only Mr. Orconsessing went back to invite me, but I was kind of like a complete time and pasted my chair.
Something that I learned in direct with Keith Orconsessing was that people on the Internet are school.
The kids are said that kids are cruel but they never get fun of me or a little girl or bigger.
All of a sudden, my Internet disability became a guide object.
I see clips online with comments like, "Why were the temperatures?
"Is it retrofouting?
And my favorite, poor terrorist bubble.
What disease does it have?
We should really go for it."
A committee suggested even to add my disability to my currently, fundraising, commentary, paralyte.
The disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't do Zeroche, then Beghodves can't make someone in a wheelchair.
The disabled ones are -- yeah, clap, man. Come on.
The disabled minority is the largest minority of the world, and the most unbelieved in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said not walking, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I've grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need every society to teach our children.
My current journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet flowed by the Sun Sun soldiers and the complete Lurish Arberging.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sanitard and to work with my pain, the incredible Dave Matterceners.
And the world came up with "The Arabs have become crazy."
I was delivered by the great state of New Jersey in the 2008.
And I founded "The Children of Massachusetts: a charity to give the Palestinian refugee kids a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and he gave him this talk to his memory.
(Plant peaceful pastering peaceful?
I call me Massachuse Zapage, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little boy of a small town.
I don't know your name, but I know your story.
It lives in a small village in South Somalia.
This town is near Modem.
The droughts drives the small village to poverty and the edge of the industria.
No nothing for him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Modernifield, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Modanah.
After maybe a stranded year, nothing.
One day you can see a gentleman who offers it to take it to lunch, after dinner, to destroy.
He knows a dynamic group of people, who gives him a break.
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home to her family.
They present a young girl.
He finally gets home.
A new life.
It's got a life target.
A beautiful day in Modemas, under a blue sky, it bursts a bomb car.
That little boy in that little village with dreams of the great quality was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were the Shakespeare, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a little boy of a little town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him in the city and they would excite?
He was waiting for him.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he did.
This was the first thing that I took out of what we call "the waiting period."
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of marital, young urban urban young urban people who are destroying riots in Johnson, departured riots in London, who are looking for something beyond the waiting for waiting."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three of five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the history of the waiting for waiting, the air of access to terrorism -- to violence, to panels, will be the story of cities 2.0 cities.
And in my birth city, McDonald, 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, not to school.
They do nothing.
I went back to Mother last month, and I went to visit the Madison Hospital.
I remember to be in that hospital confined by balances thinking, and if I had never been gone?
What if I had been forced to be in that same spirit periphery?
Would I have become a terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mother that month was actually to help some juvenile leaders in a business curious.
It brought up about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat and we had a rain rain on the solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adult.
He went to Modemas University, graduated up.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Modemas, the biggest hurdle to get from point A to the B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the quality system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize ourselves.
And they saw an opportunity and the popularity openness.
It started a motorcycle company.
It started rent molecules to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What does this different story?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the entrepreneurial spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the "particular way."
It empowers young people to be the creators of economic opportunities who are looking so desperately looking for them.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Muhammad Mohala, a fluid.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of business initiative, and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mother has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Muhammad arrived, if you wanted flowers to your wedding floor, you used to be plastic sent from the abroad.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw free flowers from?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, ever.
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a fluid landscape and flower design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Modernificity, and he started growing touch and lions, he said, could survive the hard weather of Modanah.
And it started the flower of flowers for wedding flows, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first Modem of Modanah in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Modanah.
He wants to create a space where the families, the young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the prostitutional risks.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Muhammad had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact about them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
He encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, they could be artificial from change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and create a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put their business.
They connect the young people with the resources they need, they provide the support they need to move from conception to creation, and they will create catalogues for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something else to start a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Their Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
Adam hired the street kids to help rent out and keep the motorcycle motors.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the paradigm of the waiting."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: converted to young people in entrepreneurs, they come up and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of the Peace than the boards and "waste perips.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Adam mountains, an aerial area north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest sentenced.
The sun made the leaves shine as a virtual, and not to be on the path that we went on, we almost could pretend that we were the first human beings to put that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a robot in a risk with a beautiful Christian lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage there was a rainforest, from about four square feet with apple heart balls of aluminum paper balls, and old catched.
And I was analyzed, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The reporters that were too lazy to get what they had brought out, who thought he was going to clean their farm?
And that question followed with me, and it was just a little bit simplified.
Who clean our farm?
No matter how you organize or where you put the ours, who clean our trash in Star?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris, or in London?
Here in New York City, the Department of Health clean our garbage, in the reason for 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does the uniform feel like and take that card?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intriguing.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage reconcile.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drive.
And I operated the mechanical scans and the snow back.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody questions about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong you get used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies continued to adjust the weight of taking on their entire body of garbage every week.
There's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Labor Station, waste collection is one of 10 most dangerous occupation in the country, and I learned why.
You're coming out and entering the traffic every day and they pass around you.
They just want to pass down, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the implicational of the trash.
When you get out of the city and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
Never stop coming.
It's also like a way of breathing or circulation.
It must always be in motion.
And there's the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I strongly believe that waste collection is the most important workforce on the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protection.
If you don't get rid of the waste and effective forms every day, this starts to break away from your container and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back to break and start to give them.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing, we don't have space for the new thing that the economy engines start to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just pointing its relationship.
And then there's what I call our average speed necessary.
I mean simply at the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We don't usually worry, we don't repair or we clean or take our coffee cup with us, our band of the markets, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them out, we forget about them, because we know that there's a force force on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include it in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His work, I think, is almost literature.
They're on the street every day in a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait to them.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out of ourselves, from our own waste, our waste, and that flow is always supposed to stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the seriousness of a reduction truck on the street, grabbed my little son and lowered the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his paper recycled as he did all the markets.
And I tried to thank him for doing his job that particular day, but I started crying.
And I looked at me and just kept going, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be good."
Shortly after that, I started researching the waste collection and went back to that man.
It's called Palestine, we worked together many times and made good friends.
I want to believe that Paula was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts to reclaim the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and have in account every cost, even the very real human cost in the labor hand.
Municipal waste, what we think about when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean the garbage of you, you take a moment to recognize it.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life being part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other on Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analytics from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Adam Abed.
This is the kind of construction that they showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design about.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out right?
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to respond.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the glass with crystals generates heat inside the interior, so it takes a lot of cooling in it.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because this is a temperate weather that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the entire year.
And thirdly, your seat has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a shame trying from a place that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really captured with the old market that's this structure to the free air where thousands of people go and buy things every day to little sellights.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspire the site, which is located in a very growing area of the city, where much of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, putting all the entries in the building.
And this spreads out with an inclusive attribute that creates an open-air space in the building that applies, by its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes in each floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I got to think about a sign that was similar to a cartoon shell.
Then we inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the spinal stereotypes.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the face.
We're building that with these little pieces of performers that are the windows that leave the air and light in a way controlled inside of the building.
And this is really complicated with these little colored crystals that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center, not what we asked.
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because ultimately there was more local to sell.
And also, the idea of the facade was much more economic, not only because of the material compared to glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy literacy for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
So we got a big advantage to putting social pollinators on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with meeting areas and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these pieces on the roof, which together collect water for the inside of the inside.
It's expected for the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of the construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one that I have designed -- needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000-dollar structure that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 initial blocks similar in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these patterns.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, as the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would the best orientation would be for an apartment in meditation climate?
And it's North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we put up a scheme that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of European block and the Arab city.
It has these patents with patterns, and then in the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians for the personality.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density on higher levels and a lower density on the lower plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like representing the community that is occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and socially, and make activities like running a couple of miles in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies at the same rate that buildings.
So for this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment and they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was as remarkable.
He had great amounts of hair and a little bit of little spirit, low. It was very strong for the capital capital capital, very good for arms.
I ended up that year, and I was full of blue, until I got my sinister plan.
One day I had a time after the school exit -- it was a little afternoon, and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was really slowly, I went out in the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the book of grades.
And then, I did.
I altered the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just a few.
All of them.  And I was telling me to go back the book to the cane, but to see, some of my other peers had very good notes as well.
So in a sentence, it runs the notes around the world, no imagination.
I put all of the lines from God and myself a row of this, just for being there, because I could.
I'm still surprised by what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I don't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It's that everything was desperately obvious.
I was never discovered.
But most of all, I was feeling the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for arms.
I got intervention to me.
They're so mysterious and so performance.
We know babies suffer from clothes.
Also the primates. The blue birds are very properties.
We know that cells are the number one cause of carbon killings in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or long duration or sadness.
And so you have to go to the fiction, because the novel is like the laboratory in which you study the cells in all its possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no clips, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen infection, no "Georgetic."
There would be no hair really, no blue king.
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would disappear the list of reading from high school, because we would be losing "The Red and the Forge: there would be no Gatehold "No "Saudi "No "Santasha."
Without cells, there's no Proton. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the blue, almost all of them.
This year you get 100 years of your master work, "In the pursuit of losing time, the most exhaustive study of sexual hairs and also of ordinary connectivity, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking of Proteic, we have the ultimate details -- right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a magnificent galaxy in your lava gallon.
We forgot about how hard that image is.
We forgot about how implicated it is.
I mean, this is books that Virginia World said were as tough as cat triangle.
I don't know what the cat trick is, but we assume it's superpower.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the blues, the balls and Proton.
Is it going to be very obvious like the blue, who reduce the person, to their wish, their impacts, are a natural basis of soft natural?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel blue.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the time narratives and audience, we know exactly what details to include -- to keep the knife off, right?
The hairs make all of us who are amateur novels, and that's something that I understand.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And he starts to say to himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every love that Sound detects in his lover, he adds to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Sony and Proton, they were notoriously blue.
You know, Protein would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so warm to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The balls are additional.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the choices?
The cells are nitrogen from information.
The balls use the details.
The balls like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small little strategy.
The cells are nitrogen from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  Protocell links the language of the level of the clips.
When Sound is in his clothes agenda, suddenly he heard behind the door and bribes the services of his lover -- then he defines those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is replacement, but it's not different to the interpretation of an old text or looking at a memorial.
He says, "They're scientific research with real intellectual value.
Protein is trying to prove that the hairs look intellectual and make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they are search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth. In fact, to what Protest concentrates, the more painful truth, the better.
Pain, humility, loss, these were the pathways to the wisdom of Prospere.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes us a lot more profound and vital than a wise man who can be interested in us.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for crisis women?
No. I think it's trying to say that the hairs revealed ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion that gives us our aggression, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at so fast?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very nice young man who is consumed with the idea that his woman was fooled.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent. Everyone knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife, without realizing involved behaviors.
So smile too much, or do you accidentally have broken with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the contents of the unconscious of his wife.
novels are very good at this.
novels describe very well how the hairs are doing to look at intensity but without accuracy.
In fact, the more intensely we are, the more we become residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the hairs lead us to make violent or illegal acts of actions.
The hairs drive us to behave in totally unimaginable ways.
I'm now thinking about me at eight years old, I recognize it. But I'm also thinking about this story that I heard about the news.
One woman from Michigan of 52 years old was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from the one who was sent to violent messages, awful to himself, for a year.
For a year. Every year.
She was trying to fight the new girlfriend of his boy the boyfriend. I have to confess that when or this, it reacted to admire.
Because, let's be realistic.
How big, although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like of novel.
As a novel of Patrian Huggidamina.
Hugging is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature.
It's the author of "Strangers in a Tree, and "The Taliban Mr. Riotheless: books that are treating how the jealousy, they confuse our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the hairs -- the membrane that separates what it might be, can be depressing in an instant.
Take Tom Rock, his most famous character.
Tom Robert is going to want or want what you have to get away from your self and to be able to bet what you ever had, and it's under the floor. You respond to your name, it takes your rings off, cow your bank account.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Tom Robert route.
I can't give everyone the world, as much as I sometimes want.
It's a pity, because we live in times of envy.
We live in a few times.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the currency is envy. Right?
Now novels show us the store? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they're not sure, when they are to a mystery.
Let's go back to Babylon Street and ask ourselves by Spring Hollywoods.
When people think about Hollywoods, you think about the management in the Morgan Professor -- that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred "President Lesterland, the head face of Scott Varian who needs Hollywoods desperately needs the Hollywood genius, but he gets upset.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lester needs its help, but it turns out, and bubble with amazing in each of the mysteries of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Six Nazis At the Six, once Hollywoods comes in, all the way back to his solution, Lester comes back to Dutch and says, "We're not black, Mr. Hollywoods.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there is no person in Scott Varden who didn't want to shake my hand.
It's one of the times that we see Hollywoods translated in history. I think this is very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the hairs like a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywoods is the opposite side of Lesopa.
The next minute are the same side.
Suddenly, Lester is allowed to admire that idea of being the result.
Could it still be so simple.
What if hairs are really a geometry, just a question where we allow us to be relative to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to respond from the excellence of the other.
We can relate to it.
But I like the continuous plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to be considered.
Only the fiction.
The fiction used the domestics, the invites to the table.
And look at what fluctuations: the Lesterland fourth, the terrifying Tom River, the Sound lock, the same Mars Proton.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the U.S. Moon Audience module and went down on the Salaman Sea.
Armstrong and Albert were alone, but their presence on the world surface was the culmination of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility in peace times in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked for 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo programmer finally, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve walk on their surface, which Aliend after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So why did they go?
They didn't bring a lot of back, 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 would be experiencing later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962.
John F. Kennedy -- some of them ask, why the Moon Moon?
Why do it turn it into our goals?
And they could also ask, why would you climb the highest mountain back?
35 years ago, why fly over the Atlantic Atlanta?
Why do you play Rica against Texas Gallon."
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Point: For the contractors, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder at the tragedy of the power of technology.
They were because it was great to be able to do it.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological tribes.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the airplane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the cops were eradicated and eliminated the smallpox.
The technology seemed to be able to do what Albert Hollywood was called "the Apple Foresaw."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with a candle -- but in 1969, the Apollo 10-year-old translation goes at 40,000 miles per hour.
Since 1970, no human being has returned to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the optimism open on the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology will solve like going to Mars, create a clean energy, or to feed the world population seems to have interrogated interventions.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that they don't look at the escape tube called the Saturn Sand Visco.
I knew that this would be the last moon mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that of something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it during the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies had distributed us and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a particular explanation in Silicon Valley, who trust you that have been created less ambitious companies than the years in India, Microsoft, Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the clips -- in particular, the incentives that risk capitalists offer the entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains much what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their liquid point without worrying about the risk, they prefer little investments -- minimum investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The C. has always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term -- they've never invested in developing technologies that are meant to solve big problems because they don't have a commercial value immediately.
No, the reasons why we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we will.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and baseball. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
The coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar energy and wind, and oil is cheaper than biology.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties incentives development of alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy in America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem to be technological, it turns out not to be.
We know for time that famine is a result of failure in the food area.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like cows or systems for the storage and representative of food, but there will be famine while there are bad government.
Finally, the big problems sometimes make a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1991, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terribly resistant treatment to treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be presented: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem -- institutions must support the solution.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability for technology to solve big problems -- it meets those criticisms.
But it's a radio model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no graphic competition like the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who horrible how difficult and dangerous, and there's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And actually, I wasn't even solving any problems.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust and I'm going to start recording the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first is a rectangle: there's been a big decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the recycle, the goal and the task have been interpreted.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a rectangle, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think that trust has distributed?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I lean to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and that could have risen in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go back to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are not many evidence of it.
I mean, the people that were described 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same discipline.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite confident, judges -- judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway halfway half.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion polls are recording is, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you look at is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they get certain questions.
Do you trust politicians in politicians? Trust the teachers?
Now, if someone asked you, "Do you trust the really?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the elementary teachers?
You probably start to ask, "To do what?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust a few, but in other people."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deploy trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain kind of office or functional or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give you the reading class, but in any way to drive the school microscopes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
What if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why we leave all of that knowledge when we think more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the true level of real trust, because they try to obvious the good judgment in the fact that we trust something or somebody.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will pay.
I would be able to have more confidence in what is the confidence of trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm not a part of thinking about what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who decided their savings with the very narrow named Mr. Madison, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not a smart goal in this life.
It trust deposited or negative with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say it, it says, yeah, OK, that means that what matters first is not the trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about to do is make a judgment on how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think that to be able to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible.
And if we find that a person is competitive in the permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible. We couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but not trust them to take a letter on the mail because they're forgiveness.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say I think I don't have many friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely desk.
If it's like that, I don't have set up.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
Trust is the answer.
Confidence is what we have to judge with.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build self-confidence systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier the task of judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and he said, "Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative role than getting the part in you."
And we found the same problem in all our public life, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness.
What they do is to make the work of the people who have to do hard tasks, like the parts, demanding that they manufacture the box, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, all of that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more confidence, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we will transform to the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes that don't do properly.
Third, the task.
It will call the task to rebuild trust, put things out of it.
It suggests you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- ultimately, it's different because we have other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them the enough base so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't fight it, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to make a little bit of a test that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That is done every day, everywhere, does the common people, the functions, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says that I can get them out of explanations.
I take them and give me the money, or they change them by the colors that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they were vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you trust what you're saying.
So at the end, I think that what we're pointing is not something very hard to discuss.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we've been struggling to reduce separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen that imagination can be destroyed.
This separation has been reduced, more and more and more, to such point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong oil against the screen will transfer its physical body to picks.
Designers can manipulate their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers apart.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the diplomatic Science division of Microsoft, along with my mentor Cambridge Border, he was reading the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get into the inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and files have a location in real space, select them is as easy to grab a book of a shelf.
You can copy the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and returned things through the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or transparent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future like this?
In the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Islam and my collaborator Rem Post, we created this only physical pick.
This spherical imam is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer and users can move the object anywhere inside this small three-dimensional space.
Simply, what we did was we analyzed gravity and control movement by a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors action.
And when we program the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and stay in the physical world.
You can teach choreographers physically and distant and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be represented as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, the physics, and unlike the monitors or the textbook books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating is that changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to get rid of our world.
We start today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hunger, China, in the 1970s.
When I was at first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all expenses spending.
But my tiger mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was just a closed path toward happiness, a safe job and good.
No matter if I would like work, or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese bear.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A singer singer has to start training from very young to learn the appropriations, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
And I wrote to the director of school and a radio program program.
But no adults were given the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at age 15 years old, I knew that it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared that, for the rest of my life a second class is the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved to look for another voice.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I remember books.
(Audiences Complexity -- "The Eliza Coloped -- "The Starch of Nairobi History came to the United States in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese field.
And it's not preventing convenience. understood.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a review, "Honey to your father and your mother."
Honey, I said, "It's so different, and much better than obvious."
So it became my tool to come out of this guilt shop confusing and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The meeting with a new culture gave rise to my comparative reading habit.
And he graduated a lot of perspectives.
For example, at first this map seemed to be out of place because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassion reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There's a research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two to two.
You can treat people "Bergella's Frank Franklin Standard Stanford "So Dallas Delight of David McCarthetic who were involved in one event, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Crisis, the temptation is economic, policies and spirituality.
For the Buddha are all psychologists: lunch, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
The path of Chinese Terra The Target The Tanza Walt is instead of losing in the tradition, I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "fast salt."
And "Novelty in Chinese, literally means new mother."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people in the past and the present.
I know it's not going to be alone or impossible.
Having a destroyed dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffering.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion, where happiness comes from.
Even a shocked dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, that I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books are always going to get them together.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychopath college.
I was a Ph.D. student in Berkeley clinical psychology.
She was a 26-year-old woman called Alexander.
Alex went into the first session using rooms and a hidden pole, and he threw on the couch of my office took the shoes and said she wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so underground.
My classmates had a pig as a first client clip.
And I played a person who wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could drive it.
But I didn't do it.
With the joke stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy just moving the head while we cut the solution.
"The trains are the new very very speeches: Alexander, and so I saw, she was right.
You start to work afterwards, you house later, you have children later, until death is after.
For revenues like Alex and I had time to stand.
But soon after, my supercomputer pressure me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant to me.
I said, "Of course, it's coming out with a little bit under your category, you add to a fresh head, but it's not as if it was to marry it."
And then my supercomputer said, "Not yet, but maybe it married the next time.
Also, the best time to work on Alexander is before it came home."
This is what psychologists call an Alto moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to do, but this didn't make the 20th of Alex be a pause in their development.
This made the 20th of Alex be the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
So I realized, that this kind of benign negotiation was a real problem and had real consequences, not only for Alex and its loving life, but for the careers and the families and the future of the rainwaters everywhere.
There are 50 million penguins in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think no one comes to adult without going before the 1990s.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the reefs here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with spiders, you love a spider, you take the dream a spider, I want to see. It's good. It's amazing.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Are the "Adventility" that give her life to have happened for when they have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, they don't get into panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they will win.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and the last stage of growth in its 20s, and it's reproduced for adults, which means that if there's something that wants to change themselves, it's now the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its bedroom at the age of 28, and things become complicated at the age of 30.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your life and common life has an impact in the person that will become become.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development, and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the aliens are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the time of adulthood.
Researchers call at the age of 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists are running right names to the revengers like "Trades and "dialogue?
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a urbanization that is actually the decade of adulthood.
Leonardo Bernswork said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not true?
What do you think happens when you give you a stone on your head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole to that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then every day, you will see intelligent, interesting like you or your children and your daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as you start a race before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are to end up, and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better current the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quotes during the 20th were like the game of chairs.
They all run and they get fun, but then at some point around the 1930s, the music came off, and they all began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one that was standing off, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when he was 30.
Where are the revengers here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme but not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the trains and so many of you start a career, you choose a city, you choose a mate, and you have two or three children in a period of time.
Many of these things are not compatible and there are research that starts to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything from once at the age of 30.
The crisis of average age is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
You can realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
Many triangles and catching you see themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20s, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the aliens are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emmassage.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having a identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but he could still not decide, so I spent the last few years working as a show.
And as it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend that showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult lives, his previous life had even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she came up with himself as saying, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came up with his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new book for director, and I had spent the entire morning filling it with her many contacts but then he stayed out of empty space that remains after the words in the case of emergency -- please call it."
I was at the point of history when I saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who's going to take care of me if I get cancer?
At that time, I was very hard to resist and not say, "...
What Emma needed was not a therapy.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex to just sit while the decisive decade of Emma was going in front of me.
So over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all speakers, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and get capital.
By capital of identity, I mean to do something that adds value to its person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emmassage career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that interesting, of that company that they want to test.
I'm not discovering the exploration, I'm drawing out the exploration that shouldn't count, by the way, it's not exploration.
It's protolight.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them tell them.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are survived.
The best friends are excellent to take you to the airport, but the personalities that come together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know, what you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who comes up almost always comes out of its closest circle.
New things come from what they're called weak friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the revengers have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half is not, and the weak links are the way to color this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is a way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a perspective, Emma soon chose his family -- when he has a partner and his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
You may think that 30 is better age to sit down than the 20 or even the 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live in now or you add you now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have, and that means being as intentional in love as you are at work.
They have to choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or kill time with whom you choose them.
So what about Emmassage?
Well, we looked at that director and she found the quarter of a cousin that worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work supply gave him a reason to leave the girlfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's kind of special organization of events in museums.
This is married with a man who chose constantly.
He loves his new career, love his new family, and I sent a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
Emma story can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with the spiders.
It's very easy to help them.
The revengers are like planes that come out of the airport of Los Angeles, which come somewhere in the West.
Right before the fire, a light appropriate in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji in Field.
In the same way, at the age of 21, and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good design, a good TED Talk, can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
Here's my idea of spreading all the spiders you know.
It's just as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
This is what I have now the privilege of telling you to queens like Emma every single day, the trains are not the new 20, they reclaim their adults, they get capital capital, they use their weak closes, they choose your family.
They don't let them define by what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They are deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in general consulting for a job that was even more offensive, the document.
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh grade students in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
I give you tasks.
When the job comes back, it calculates grades.
What I called the attention was that the I.Q. was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the people who had a better performance had no companies of Christian C.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing that they need to learn in math in seventh degrees, safe, are difficult, proportions, decisions, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
And after several years of doctor, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better ways.
But what if I succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a quick and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenes, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the Action Military Aid.
We tried to predict what networks would stay in military training and who would be retreated.
We went to the Netherlands National Constitution, and we tried to predict what kids are going to go further as possible in the competition.
We studied novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those of them, who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking, what of these marketers are going to maintain their job?
And who is going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a feature was a feature as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't good appearance, physical health, and it wasn't C.
It was detection.
determination is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling into their future, day after day, not only a week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools.
I asked thousands of high school students who made my determination questionnaires and then wait around a year to see who they graduate.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater chance of graduation, even when they spread them in every characteristic that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or in the National Conference of Telecommunication in which it matters detection. It's also in school, especially for children in risk to abandon it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know how little science knows about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids an ethic state of work?
How do you keep them motivated for the long time?
And the most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give them detection.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that are simply not going ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the determination is commonly not related or even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mentality.
This is a developed idea at Stanford University by Carol Department, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed -- that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Department has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to challenge, they are much more likely to be prepared when they fail, because they don't believe that that failure is a permanent condition.
So the mindset of growth is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger institutions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start everything again with the lessons learning.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more dependent.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a calorie, one of my most scary memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the figure of the Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreign, it seems to be as improvised as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can stop this wall, so that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw each of the strokes of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, restaurant menus, understanding the basic idea of web pages or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
Open your mouth as much as you can be possible until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming in a friendly way, "sauce? I am compromised]." This symbol is actually original in the shape of the call, but I like to believe it is the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The step symbol looks like a couple of doors of a song in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They are building blocks so that they create many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's to still."
As the ancient said, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying, "It was this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is struggled.
It's a prisoner as Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the starts.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idiot."  Easy to remember, because a flat tree is pretty identical.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's struggling.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, pressure.
Three together, those are stereous.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brilliant.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. Look.
A door. Put a chart inside the door, it's the cure of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Photo, is there anybody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, scaling, free.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they'll be careful is adult.
So we've already gone for almost 30 characters.
By using this method the first eight radical will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing to learn an eight year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a mountain of fire. It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the night sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east in China.
So one sun next to the origin we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two stacked mountains one over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese employers were destroying their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you to get out is a story.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magician together.
The film mastered its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glenna, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and bring a magic wand around.
But when you look at that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a sort of industrial complex specific specialist.
However, the Oz magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a couple of years later with it, interestingly, another movie whose prototypes, a metal boy and a pen kid rescued a girl dressed as a guard of the enemy.
know what I'm talking about?  Yes.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Oz magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the Oz magician was done today, the magician would say, Dorothy, you're the Olympic salvation as the prophecy.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computers generated by the computer evil computer.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Oz magician is that the most heroic characters -- wise and even videos are women.
I started to notice this when I was watching Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Just three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the supermarket level had gone down.  So he was designed in the room and he was impressed as a mother leg with his patents behind, and I don't think he understood what was going on, but inevitably, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what periodic.
Would they be value and personalization and leadership?
Would you have the feeling that Luke is an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this with the 1870s map of 1839.
How do you win Google your movie?
By making good missions with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow on October, okay? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much File capital, force in the movies for our children, and so little of the yellow brilliant?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and you should read it. It's very good.
I have not read as much about how kids react to this structure.
And I know for experience that the Lewis princess doesn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults who are miles.  I think at the time of the first kiss. I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My quest has finished, I have a novel.
Why are they still standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the violin and getting their reward, and they don't leave for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are many exceptions, and it will defend the princess of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though them, the boys, they're not really their objective audience.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the pattern, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the data.
There's no model for them.
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely as Heroin and Kashan, but they don't stop being a war movies.
Of course, the most successful topic of all time continues to appear in classic after classic -- each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who have a little girl.
Until that, as many of you are thinking, this year, I finally came out Valley.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in shops.
Remember what the critic said when Valley came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie from a principle.
It's very good. Don't let it stop them."
Well, almost none of these movies happens the Beathenber test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet been reached and already propositive, but maybe today we'll start a movement.
Alan Belley is a circulation of comics, and in the middle of the '80s, he recorded a conversation that had had a friend on the evaluation of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that should be done, in the movie, is there more of a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more besides the kid than they like it?  All right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality movie, Archie.
Right? So Russian Russians, talking success -- a consensus idea of what a high-quality movie is.
It basically doesn't happen the test of Beleson.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the reduction crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "Come to bed, home?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 most popular films, how many of them think they have female supplies?
One. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women that we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there is a larger number that is going to make this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted in their life.
I don't think it's the blame of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that music or pornography videos are closely linked together, but something wrong with it, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual progress.
Who are those guys -- what are those guys learned?
What don't you learn to learn?
Are you looking at the story that you say that the role of a male hero is to defeat the video with violence and then cover the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't talk?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics and we want to prepare them.
So we have tools to our willingness as a power leader, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, but I have to ask you, will you protect them if at the same time, active or passively -- are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly to the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of men.
The definition of the masculinity is radically changing.
You'll have read about how new economy is changing the role of the home and the asteroid.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character was from Star Wars know what he responded?
Okling.
Obama Kenya and Glenny.
What's in common?
Maybe it's not just bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than no one, and you love sharing your knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which I tell my son, "Go and fight only and more stories where your job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people better and better people, like the Oz magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things that I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these bonds.
They're covered with sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the archive.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that seeing my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,000 miles of length next to the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to do otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see the infrared industry.
This is a place in the eastern coast of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, in the naked eye, seems to be brown -- but when we use the infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright rose.
What you're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by the construction materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians activities.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an old Egyptian city, called the Italian, lost for thousands of years.
Italy was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Italy was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicate inside the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge aluminum plan.
This area is enormous, it measures about six for four miles.
Before, the Nile flows right next to the Italy and as it changed over time, and it moved into this and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a self-organized city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a strategy, with the eyes sold and using baseball glass.
So we used NASA computer data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nile flow.
But you can see more determined, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, that we thought could be the location of the Island.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing a sample job, you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like sample shots in ice, but instead of layer of climate change, we look for layers of human action.
And five meters down, under a thick layer of slime. We found a dense layer of cement objects.
This means that in this possible state of Italian, five meters down, we have a capital layer of several hundred years from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is State.
We also found jobs of peak -- coral and cardiology and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem like it's not too much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire Joe, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have an occupation dense of the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Italy here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology, so they can also make big discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably was written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all voices.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED wasn't founded in 1984 Dr. C.
It made the ideas happen really started in 1984 to C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine ships in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside the door of your house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that's done.
Now visualizing a group of obese nations in bicycle.
They're competing in a national career of bicycles and they are going in direction to their door.
I need you to see this.
They're performing strong, they're sweating -- they are getting a lot.
And they collide with the door of their house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that go through the side of the wheels that end up in absurd places, pass the door threshold.
The subsidies, to the hall, or what there is on the other side of the door, and you look at the quality of light, the bright light on the Monopody of the Gallers.
You're waving it with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue ball making them tailed in your nose.
You can smell the hands of your airline and you can get it about to get into your mouth.
Go through one side and enter your living room.
In the room, and making a lot of your imagination, imagine Britney Spain.
It's with a little clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing "High Baby One Morgan Mia?
Now let me go to the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow brick and from the oven comes to you, Dorothy, the man in Dutch, the Spanish and the Lego of "The May of Ohio: aspirational in the hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes place every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Mermaid Campaign."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting. I guess, that this was like the end of a support of wisdom.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were making hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems.
They compete to see who could memorize more quickly the order of a name of nanometers.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomena.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This one is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England, and he has one of the best memories of the measured.
I asked him, "Well, when did you realize you were a wise?
Ed said, "I'm not a woman.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who participate from this competition says they have normal memory.
"We have trained us to make these miraculous memory acts using ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Circuit used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "You go." How did I have heard this before?
We were standing outside the hall of competition, and Ed who is a wonderful and brilliant English thing, although a little bit extraordinary, he said, "Jose, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spanish?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I would like to teach Britney Spaces how to memorize the order in a live of live nations, in national TV.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Spanish, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start by something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work, and what your potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's ammonizing, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Peter. He was based on the role of Dustin Homo in the movie "Ram Man."
We spent a afternoon in the public library of Salt Lake City, making phone footprints. It was central.
And by coming back, I read a lot of treaties about writing memory does something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and crops was not such a rare thing to look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing labored their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
They've changed us culturally and I would say that they've changed us as well.
As we have almost no need to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and crops is this so unique memory of memory.
It's actually not so simple, there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College in London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
Would you want to know: Is it that it has brains in a way, structure or attitudes of the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Is it smarter than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them into a magnetic MRI machine, they scanned their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and forms of snow coffee. They found that in memory champions they were lit parts of the brain, different from others.
They actually used them, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as an armed career where each year comes up with a new way of remembering more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors must get a day.
This is my friend Ben President, three times of memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 boards of destroyed nations that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and he only demands.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 44 random binary digits.
Half an hour. Yes.
And as there is a lot of ways of remembering things in these competition, all the techniques used at the end are reduced to a single concept that psychologists call "prototyping codents."
It illustrates with a complex paradox known as "Babylonian paradox -- "Beathen says the following: I tell two people to remember the same word. I tell you. You remember there's a man called Balco.
That's his little pill.
And then I ask you, remember there's a Babbage."
And when I come back later, and I ask you remember that word I told you a little bit?
Remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Baharty is unlikely to remember the same word as the person he was told that his job is Babbage."
The same word, different capability. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
With all the other memories they dance for their head.
But the word, "Babbage." We know pandemics.
They use white hat.
They have hardware in their hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some pandemic.
And when we heard that word for the first time, we began to put forward engagement to fishermen at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data from 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the memory of memory?
The story says like this: There was a poet called Synthetics who attended a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before they wanted to give you a very good party, it didn't bring a DJ to a D.
He stood up in his feet, he got his memory poem, and he was married, and so soon he went out of the bank of the bank collapses.
They're killing them all.
But not only I killed them to everyone, but it destroys bodies by giving them reflective.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
And so they couldn't bury the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Simulations, standing outside, only survive, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, he could see where he had been sitting in every single invented.
And I took the family family to get them to where their loved ones were in between the rubble.
What Simulations looked at at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively, and it is that no matter whether we're not good enough to remember names or phone numbers or words for the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I ask you to get the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simons, it's very likely that it is very difficult to do that.
But I would bet if you ask them to say who was sitting on the front horse brown in his lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more mad, dramatically, scary and application is the image, more likely to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties.
And how does it work?
Let's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory -- in the same way that you would have done it City if you had invited this to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And you can see some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspired competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you can see the Gallery of the Gallers mounted on Mister Ed on Miss.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Coke.
And then you would see Britney Spaces to remind you that funny anecdote they want to count.
And then they went into the kitchen, and the fourth theme that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roma speakers memorize their speech, not words for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical percent.
In fact, the term temperature, comes from Greek to the target, which means play."
It's a separate of when people were thinking about the orange and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase for the first place, it would be like the first place in its memory.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got full of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something exotic about this subculture of competitive memory.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a particularly boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting out taking exams -- I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone will kill the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in its place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school wide bought in a film market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I had never expected it to be.
It was entertainment, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually trying to do is to improve more and more of the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images and circumstances, careers, installations, absorbence and example in the eye of the mind.
And I got pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some security glasses covered with tape leaving just two shelters, because distribution is the worst enemy of a memory computer.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year earlier. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory experimental experiment.
I thought this might be a good electron for all of my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the contest -- something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to memorize speeches and phone numbers, and you list it, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be built by the memory of memory or memorize nations of nations, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift, but it's not the case.
The big memories are education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deep one.
The memory pandemic. These memory techniques are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real stories.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- a whole kind of complete attention that most of us are not going to exercise around there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things are made memory.
And if there's something that I want to leave you today is what E. E. Bushman that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, let me me, is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence in the Backets or iPhone, not paying attention to human beings in front of us, who walks on our side. Are we so high-tech that we don't even bother to process deep?
I learned from first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person that reminds you remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we'll take just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from No. Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Liberation, and this was my child computer.
In the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom that shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a bullet that gave the living room.
And there they all spent the time looking at the TV, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody saw me. And every time I told me and I was wrapped back into a towel.
And I was like this.
It was a court, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that balance, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Really smart.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, or area division, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we use.
And it's not surprising that we felt that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
That is, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways we don't even realize ourselves.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you get except -- think of power, stability and democracy.
And I know you think about it as well as based on a building built 250 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a dense that the architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, move away from the elements.
This is very, very useful. Because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the urbanism and the governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways they know are going to work.
So we found ourselves with buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Liberia Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- columns red red, that let to stop what Light is trying to communicate with this building, the children, the property values of the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the punch.
On one side there is innovation -- the architects that constantly drive new technologies, new types, new solutions for today's life forms.
We drive, we push and push so much, that we completely move away from the people.
All black -- this democracies us. You think we feel very good, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go to the other side and connect with those appreciated symbols.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we feel like transparent, so we started to experience again, we make the stick back back and forth over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it's over the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years came out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "brain called.
It's about hurricane.
That can be guess.
Small windows in a demonstrating scale.
Something really hard.
So we get closer to the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the stick back into the other direction.
We take those forms that we know like and update them.
We add new and add cake and use new materials.
You love it.
We don't give up.
We took Chicago armed and turned them into skyscrapers that can be measured meters made of glass.
The forms were advanced, they won in audacity and color.
The engineers became columns.
The city grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were the '80s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we moved to neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasy could be the media, the French or the Italian or the Italian Italian.
So possibly with a single bread of bread.
This is what happens with politics.
This is what happens to the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Town.
This is Ohio.
The architects are frustrated and we started making the stick again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called demographics.
We dismiss the historical symbols, now we count with new design techniques that are given by computer, and we find new composition, a few ways that are stars to be stars against other ways.
This is academic and computer, and it's super impossible.
Normally the flag again again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Big of Billinghamic, from Frank George.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golden said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical and academic and public in general, they completely agree about a building.
The New York Times gave this miracle of miracle.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radical forms, how can you become ubiquitous all over the world?
And it happened, because media is graduated around them, and quickly we learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created emotional reaction with these forms.
They did the major mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennium, with other star architects.
I went to Zahoy's and Lebanon, and what happened with these little elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, it actually started to happen with all the architecture, digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think of, for example, how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you would have to walk up to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is applied, you can take a boat, an airplane, you can be tourist.
The speed technology. You can see in the newspapers, on the TV, and at the end, we are all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
You don't have a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before I know the one who designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we have buildings like this.
Broad was not a two-year-old movement but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they hate them.
That is never going to happen. I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the hospital, the steel or the elevator -- and it is the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the penguin to the media, it starts to fight faster and faster, until it will be in both extremes almost in similar, and it's effectively destroyed the difference between innovation and symbol, among us, the architects, and you, the audience.
Now we can do almost instant symbols with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was found.
This is the center of a village called Pinks in Fish Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings seemed exactly the end product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people began to come and share it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes you circuits with collective memory, and when you load these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think about a second in those libraries in Lineave.
If that building is built today, first we go to the Internet in search of new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's universal.
Municipal that can lead to the mayor of Liberary, to the people in Lineave, and tell them that there's no unique answer to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated words, and you are no longer a decentralized public that doesn't accept something that you haven't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't let an interaction in architecture.
That means that the dangers of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find some right solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings of tomorrow will be very different than the buildings of today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seven can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick with based on what a stadium must be.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we'll finally be ready for the ways that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are embodied to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for Olympic, or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream on the East River in New York, and raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little piece of laughter, as much as the museum and fiber as the animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we built, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make buildings more ecological and smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want.
Finally, we're not in opposite side.
Find an architect, control it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
The buildings not only reflect our society, but they give it to the smallest spaces, local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Star.
He just turned a year and he already started walking.
And it does it in that great, typical way of the children of a year, shaker, as if her body was moving too fast for his legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It's laughing and challenged, and it gives itself those big and embedded kiss.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all their friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think, "When about doing this?
How is it that suddenly we're not going to love with our appearance.
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I fat?
This is Facebook, it's 13 years old and lives in Denny.
And as any teenager -- just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a little scary. It's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him all the stuff that's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
Among what your mom tells you and what your friends or your school friends tell you, doesn't know who to believe.
So a video of her, he publishes it on YouTube, and he asks others to leave a comment: "Am I nice or a fat?
Well, so far, Facebook has received over 13,000 comments here.
Some of these are so unpleasant that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and correction, which receives these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life emotionally.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it going to do this?
Well, the teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under the pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, carding, giving me like that, comparing, sharing, published, this never ends.
We have never been so connected before, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like there's a party in his room every night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implicated.
This environment, to be always connected, is adapting our kids to automated based on the number of "I like they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no divide between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it's real or what isn't.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what is digitally manipulated to it.
What is the most unknown thing in someone in front of someone in front of a daily context.
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cut out of the news of girls now.
zero-sum models continue to dominate our steps.
The team technique is now a routine now.
And trends like, Transition, Spart, Rockettake and Share.
For those who know it, it means prosthetic means.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are shared.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the supermarket stars of sports and the discussions of the deposite.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we probably want our children to grow healthy and be individual individuals.
But in an obsessed culture for the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capacity, their studies and other aspects begin to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contributes to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class. They avoid participating in classrooms in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspect.
One out of five are not attending classes at absolutely during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see you enough enough, specifically if you don't think you're a thin enough, you will get a note lower to the average of your peers, who don't worry about it about appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it's independent about what they actually weigh these young people.
So for that to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on its body is depressing academic performance.
And it's also delivering health.
The adults with self-expectancy do less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participate in more not healthy diet that can take you to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They are more easily influenced by the people around them and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's all of this because of what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol and drug consumption and drug diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early and without protection and developmental damage.
The search for the perfect body is pushing into the health system, and our government costs it billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they are overweight again, regardless of whether or they don't have higher rates of absorbing.
17 percent of women don't present to an interview interview in a day where they don't feel secure.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity.
Liberating this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, I'm going to talk about it, by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes. The first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs, without realizing the situation.
So, we should make sure that the program that follow our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical party points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us to take the streets in the issue, and we are a better role model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
And challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the contribution of our politicians in choppers or the size of their chest, or to urge that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judge people for what they are, not because they look at it.
We can all start by doing it by doing the responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, "When was the last time you kissing a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities as governments and as businesses, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing all their people, valuing the individuality, the diversity, the inclusion ...
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a pedagog.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that come out on the big screen because it just will create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they are never sure to be who they are, or to achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who have you in mind?
Is it your wife to your wife.
Will her sister?
Will her daughter.
Well, do you support? Is it your friend?
Could it be just the woman who is two seats away. What would it mean for her if he was released from that authoritarian voice in his interior, who was terrified by not having long legs, short shorts -- a more flat enemy, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we knew this and we would say it leads to its potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us everyone.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's tell you that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and because they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that little translations of an age of today, they become agents of safe change of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five in 1990, a gentleman named Helocuary North Tom entered a hotel in Manhattan and murder Mender Katrina, the leader of the Jewish Defense League League.
And they initially declared it innocent. But being a prisoner for other minor charges in company, they began to plan attacks to about 12 icons from New York, including tunnels, synapses and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant report.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center could not be avoided.
Later North Africa would be convicted for his participation in that attack.
Shuld Norwegian is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with an amazing American mother, elementary school teacher. They did all of the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam that very few -- even most Muslims -- come to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get to want the same things in life.
However, in all of religion, in all human group, there is always a small fraction of people who are so amazing to their convictions that you think that you have to use all possible media so that everyone lived like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat down with me and explained that in the last few weeks, he and some friends had been going on the ground training in Long Island to practice.
He told me I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Carrie Carlo police, which without knowing our group, was visible by the FBI.
When I was shooting my father, my father helped me support the ball in the shoulder, and explained to me how to aim the goal at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot to the little orange light on the goal and to surprise all of all, especially my entire goal is in flames.
My uncle turned to each other and in Arabic, he said "Dubble about."
From a father, such a child.
All of all, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what it seemed so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a range with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground park of the north tower of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and killed another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "mammogram, which means year.
When I turned 19, I had moved to 20 times. That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone already was time to go and go to another city.
As I was always me, the new class of the class often was matrix victims.
I was serving my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new class of class, quiet and regulator, was enough communication.
So most of the time I would spend it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say it surely, to grow up under fantasys, not prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open the eyes?
One of the first experiences that you put out my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a president program in the Jouff National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of youth violence, as I had been a matter victim almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from diverse procedures.
One day, to the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who had done friendship, was Jewish age.
It took several days to go out to the light this detail and realized that there was no animal between the two.
I've never had a Jewish friend before, and I frankly felt very proud of being able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe it was infanted.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer work in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found myself with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures. That experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All life had taught me that homophobic was a sin and by extension, all the gay men were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critics that I had seen in life.
Having been used as a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat amazing people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could hire the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be homophobical, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the Diagnostic Shoot."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my introduction, and he helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he turned my shape into a moment where I was desperately necessary.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected -- and a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremist, wasn't in van.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that would be on my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who's suffering enough with endless digital dialogues, and he said, "I'm tired of hating."
And at that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zack Erile.
He changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put it in a positive risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody else, one day, who is trying to take violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- that although I was convicted to this violent and intuitive ideology -- I didn't get to make it fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones, by the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
By the victims of terrorism to talk about, against those active acts as a rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple I'm showing myself as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a movie that's projected in their minds.
It's an incredible multiplexic movie.
It's in 3D, and it has underground sound of what you hear and you see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has a grass and taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger -- your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who are projecting before your eyes.
And it has constantly a supermarket voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in the direction.
This film is your consciousness flow, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least I know I have a conscious consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason for living.
If we were not aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films?
Why are we not just robots that we have to do to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie.
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I predict that vision.
psychology study obviously behavior, neuroscience studied the brain obviously, but never nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pervasive said, "Now is the moment for science to address consciousness."
And since then, there was a real bang, a flourishing of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the search for correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a correct science.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to saying that this kind of neuroscience of neuroscience answer some questions that we want to explain consciousness -- the questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscience.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, does it not address the true central mystery of this material, why all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal movie movie.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like emotions, like hormones, like the life, and we're going to find explanation here.
The typical emergence is all cases of emerging behaviors, how the employees operate -- how the hurricane works, how the hurricane work, how they reproduce and adapt and metabolize living organisms -- all of these questions about the objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk about, how we play chess -- they're all questions about behavior.
But when it's about consciousness, questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of supercoming that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms.
But at the end I got to the conclusion that it didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're stuck at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We used this. physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
By the other, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think the consciousness, right now, is a kind of animal, something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know how we don't know.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at the beginning seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of conscious consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be primate.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental brilliants: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that governments, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of nothing more basic.
Instead, they are considered fundamental and there is the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental thing is allowed.
In the 19th century, Mahler discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts -- presidential, time, mass, nets, Newton's laws -- so I put the basic laws of electromagnetism, and put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, load -- then by logic matter -- you have to add the list.
The most natural thing would be to put consciousness itself as a fundamental strand, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not a science object.
It opens the way to do it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental fundamental laws that we can store them in a regime.
The situation of consciousness is something like that.
We want to find fundamental laws that we can store them in a t-shirt.
We don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called "peaceful: "Dream for everyone, "I push by mind, every system is conscious -- not only humans -- the dogs, the mice, the flies, even the microbes of Rob Kindler, the elementary particles.
Even a chip has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a chip can be full of angry when he thinks "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never deliver and smell the robots."
No, so no.
But the thought is that perhaps the photons can have some raw feeling element, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy.
How did anybody think something like that?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental stuff.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass -- it's natural to assume that it can also be universal.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems imaginable, it's much less for people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate to the physical process is to play awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's consciousness.
Complex intelligence processing, as in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in the recent years of a neuroscience, Chuck Tony, took this kind of theory and development rigorously with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called a philosopher, which measures the degree of information embedded in a system.
And it suggests that I was about consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible high degree of information integration, a high degree of pain, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a middle degree of information integration -- pretty significant.
But when you get to the worms of the microbes, microbes particles, the degree of the day.
The information level of information is less, but it's not zero either.
In the Tonio theory, there will still be a different level of consciousness.
I actually propose a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of child, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that penguins can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
Physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that underlies below.
As Stephen Hacky, "Where does the fire come out of the equations?
Since the pandemic vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of addition.
It's right there in the center.
This vision is, I think, paradigm vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and it can have some pretty serious social consequences.
Some can be imposed.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be vegetable.
If you're a psychiatrist and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hunger.
I think that thinking about it, this tends to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Tasmanian artificial intelligence system in the movie Heire?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of psychiatric information, she has a complicated information processing, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, they have pretty serious ethical problems about the ethic of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of getting them off.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of full collective collectives, the planet.
Does it have its own consciousness.
Or a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, right now we have a collective TED consciousness, an internal movie for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each other?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be taken seriously.
So this pan-African view is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure of the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental than the second thing that is universal.
Vision raises many questions, many challenges, like, how do those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go on the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we finally will find it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we only need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural town in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile.
I went to school, I got together with my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community was approached to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother's shelter, and I spent a long time looking at the series of "Bionic Seattle and David Creative."
Yeah, I know. What control.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as an achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Melloy, only after about 20 minutes in the 11 minutes of legal studies, a guy raised her hand and said, "Hey, when would you get your discussion?
And I said, "What a discussion?
Well, I had been talking about the dialogue law for a few 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in the wheelchair, they talk about inspiration things in school?
"They're usually in the action room.
And it was then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disability as an inspiration objects.
And we're not. And it's not blame of the guy, and that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manufacturers.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire us.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking like what I do in this wheelchair, and you probably are waiting for them to inspire you.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to do it estrayed.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that we have lied to the disability of disability.
Yes, we have sold us the lie that disability is a Male -- it's a great thing to do.
It's something wrong and living with a disability that makes you great.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make any exception.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more of this through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad activity."
Or this one: "Your excuse is invisible."
Or this other one: "Before I left, I intentionally.
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the hands of hands drawing with a pencil sustained by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with organic legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the pure portable term, because they drive a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we confirmed the disability in benefit of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so we can see them and think, "Well, by very bad that's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the story of the number of times that I've been addressed by strangers to try to express that they believe that I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens to before my work had a public profile.
It was as if I was happy to wake up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to constant.
These images, those images make people with disability in the benefit of people without disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We had some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you can think about.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "personalized people, deliberately because I was scared to call the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited about it.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of their capacity as well as you do, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of the common.
They're just using their bodies by taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to do it in the way we do it, when we share those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration: you say it as a completely.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here by hacking inspiration and you think, "My God, State, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learn that this is a great idea to use a little bit of carbon pieces to collect the things that fall out of me.  I learn the ingenious trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the strength and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that except and costs.
I really think that that lie that has sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad action, the reason that that's lying is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a climb of stairs has never done it in a race.
Never    To smile on a television screen won't make the subtitles appear for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and raising a positive attitude to convert all those books to the bright.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Bubble the September Self is not considered any of anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get away from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a child in the 11 degrees in a high school school in Mellock is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair users.
The disability doesn't make us exceptions, but to question what you think you know about it is that it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to do increases augmented reality and professional football.
And what is the average speed of a counter of coal?
Unfortunately, I'm just going to answer one of those questions, so please don't deliver.
When people think about really augmented reality, you think about "Minority Report, and in Tom Creek by looking at the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, is what I carry on, the Google Glassas.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google glaciers are a device that allows you to see what I see.
I'll let you experience what is being a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 100 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that it feels like a man from 110 pounds, we can tell us, trying to get rid of the whole thing.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Global Google is to use under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, it's not images of the NASA practice, because the idea of the NASA technology is a submarine rising to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klub: Come on.
It's horrible to be collapse.
So a moment. Let's zoom a little bit.
You ready?
Go!
Chris Klub: As you can see, it's a test of what is being pasted in the football field, from the perspective of the paper.
You have realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cut from the University of Washington.
Fishering market: Macroth 45." Rates 54.
Blue eight, Blue 8: Go!
Chris Klub: This is a little bit more about feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at the NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, be their favorite players, and they've asked me to YouTube and in Twitter, "You can see from the angle of a field market.
or a correct?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get full of full: how do we take it to the next level?
We took it at that level using something called Ecosystem River, which probably many of you know.
The River Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain by eating for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we recorded a video from Adrian Petes crossing the line, getting rid of a scale with the arm before they run and make an announcers? What will be the experience of a fan.
When I can be Messest running on the room, launching the bullet at the bottom of the network? Or February doing a roof in Wikipedia?
What will be your experience when you descended from a mountain to more than 100 miles as an Olympic screen?
Maybe you get the sales for adults.
But this is not still augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Reg.
How do we achieve augmented reality, Rio reality.
Do we get the augmented reality when the coaches and the magnets and the owners look at the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams better?
How do we use it to win parties?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here is a brief review about technology at the NASA.
In 1965, the Baltives of Baltimore put a market to their field mass to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NASA placed radio in the hull of the field mass and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you're a player coming back to your group and you see their next play in front of you, in a plastic vision that they carry on -- you don't have to worry about forgetting a player.
I heard the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose parties you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your own way of playing the game.
How would it do?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera in every corner corner having a view from the high of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors and the appliances, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will know to send them.
The bad things will have information about information.
This makes good teams of bad guys.
So your computer team will be as important as your recycled, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
Who would have imagined it.
How would it be in the country?
Imagine you're the field market.
You get the bullet and you get back.
You look for an open receiver. All of a sudden, a flower on the left side of your vision is to you that a defense behind you is going to attack you -- normally you wouldn't see it, but the RS system is able to get you.
Get forward to the protection area.
Another flower would see you that there's an open receiver.
You toss the bad, but you stopped you.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in its view an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race.
It approaches, it goes down and running and analysis.
The public reaches and the fans have followed the player from every angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion in the party.
I'm going to make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport, because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circuit, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, being in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports legal.
It generates billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a abuse how their actions are from the perspective of the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how does it be long?
How much is it true for a Hawking Commandment or a Neil Testance Testa trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of star notes and Karasites?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions we make, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depends on, as always, from us.
Thank you.
I recently retired me after 23 years of service at the High Patrick of California.
Most of those 23 years later, I spent the southern end of the Marine County, which includes the Goldman Gates.
The bridge is an iconic structure, which is mostly known for its beautiful view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gates Bridge was open in 1973.
Joseph Strangely, engineering boss of building the bridge -- said that, "The bridge is essentially the test of suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probably.
But from their openness, over 1,600 people have jumped into their death from that bridge.
Some of them think that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, such that every single single one of it will release you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that are going on under clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one free of four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bone, some of which they drill vital organs.
Most of them die in the impact.
The ones that don't. They usually stick in the individual water, and then they drowned out.
I don't think those who look at this method of suicide realize the death market to be faced with.
This is the wire.
Except about the two towers, there are 32 inches from parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people are in before they take their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and at its darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an official contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the driver.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We struggled to channel the path through these calls.
This wasn't just a bad service to those who are contemplating the suicide, but the officials as well.
We've taken a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychological officers train new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met him on July 22 last year by getting a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the heart near the center.
I said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gates bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and I flew up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here twice before New Jersey to try to stay from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason -- he asked us if we knew the history of the Pandora's box.
And I remember the Greek mythology -- Zero created Pakistan, and he sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said, "You know, you never, never open that box.
Well, one day, the curiosity could more than Pakistan, and she opened the box.
They came out of it, penis, and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and no hope?
He stopped a few instantants, leaned on on the right, and left.
This nice, clever boy from New Jersey had just taken out of life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how I was.
Jason parents had been asked before.
The collapse damage of the suicide affects a lot of people.
I ask them these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved to be suicide?
What would you say?
Would you know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just talk about, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, filters, or tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think somebody is suicide -- you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "Do you in similar circumstances have thought about ending your life, you've had these thoughts?
Congregation to the front person can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to look for, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve -- importance, believe there is nothing you can do about it, recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read you his letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and he's with her permission, and he was blessed to read them.
"Hi, Kevin, I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite intuitive, but I'm going to notice more moments to realize that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the part of the 49 with his father on January 19.
It never got there.
He called the Petrolar Police and reported it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and reported that Mike was down on the bridge.
A witnesses had seen it jump from the bridge at the age of 1850s in the previous day.
Thank you very much.
Who hasn't been before bad before a real mental disease?
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
The GDP, the bridge Goldium Gates is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay.
Good luck this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and turn the way his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible subject in the sidewalk of the bridge near the north tower.
I led my motorcycle on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Bronx, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, I immediately crossed the driving, and it stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the next hour and a half, I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided on his mind that day will come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he's happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What was it that made you go back and you give it to hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You listen to me."
You let me talk and just listen.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read them.
"Dear Brent Brian, nothing to erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin is still with us.
And honestly, I think that Kevin was claiming for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which has been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months, completely unaware of all those terrible transitions, but thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We give God for you.
Just in debt with you, Narrator Brown?
And at the end she wrote, "Power." When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you would figure out as the patient.
"I know I had to solve it.
Today, Kevin is an active father and active member of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story will inspire others.
The suicide is not just something I found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather suits with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most people suicide or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about joining another person.
They just want their own pain.
Usually this is only three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and state calls around the bridge.
Those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason one.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final airplane, I looked at me, and he said, "Keeley, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Horrible, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact in that bridge are not suicide.
Also, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and they can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one that they leave on the side, they realized they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that every one of us should be striving for doing.
The suicide can be prevent.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you what you're not, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question brings you up, how did you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had achieved my dream that I had ever been a child.
My outside finally matched my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, which I would refer to later when I look at this picture, I think, "Good General, you get it, you get it.
But last October, I discovered that, I am just beginning.
We all love our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some have the value of liberalistic, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or by the beliefs of those who surround us.
They're people who are always challenging the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, I ignored my story.
I think this embarrassment is called revolution.
This is mine.
I was registered as a child by born because of my genital appearance.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always took this t-shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew then how to keep it.
The gender has always considered an immune fact, but now we know that actually, it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never learned to share my story, not because I thought it's being bad, but how the world is dealing with those of us who want to liberate us.
Every day I appreciate to be a woman.
I have a mom and Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist God of compassion.
There is a Hindu gods, the girls of the stories.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines that I celebrated these mysteries ...
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something gets me to me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still a man, I met this woman called Tokyo.
It's the director of a transparent beauty competition.
I said, "Why haven't you involved in the beauty consent?
He told me that if he participated she would come from the specialists of insects and the ventilation. And that night, he won in a bathing suit, he won in a gas suit and was a third ending between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of the beauty retinals.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was of beauty of beauty of terrorist women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the losses, especially when we traveled to the Phoenix records of the Philips.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they took my story from the green card that I could go to live in the United States.
I was arrested.
I said to my mother, "Mommy, I'm moving away.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you moved to the United States you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested I put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand to perform the most prestigious and sophisticated and safe.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before changing the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name of General and the female gender Fish."
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity of identity means being able to drive or power to get a fire, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly, my fears looked minimally.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and it will be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman in American Netherlands.
A young woman in New York who hardly lived his truth, but he was desperated, he ended his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we make a global surveillance by the Commodity Democratic Day.
I'm on this stage because of a long history of people who fought and stood into the injustice.
These are Marshall P, Johnson and Sylvia Rivers.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, nor fear.
I'm here, exposing it, so that someday there are no longer Vietnams from November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: General, a quick question.
George Rock: Sure. You see, first of all, thank all my benefits.
to my parents especially, my parents especially, to my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've been attracted to young women transportation, who have ended, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, other times, it's just individual identity, that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all have a gender at birth, and what I try to do is to put on the table that some times that assignment is not square, and that there should be a space that allowed people to address -- and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transparent movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. YR: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually meet them for their kids, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign by defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were homeless in 2011, when he took the National Prize Justine of peace, he became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at human history, women's history is the history of injustice -- inequality, violence and exploitation.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a girl is born, their birth is not celebrated.
It's not good, not for your father, or your mother.
The neighborhood comes up to mother and nobody happy to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a girl.
When he gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, he gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, he gets excited, and with a child's hope, when he climbed his third daughter, he feels guilty like a criminal.
Not only the mother was suffering, but the daughter -- the newly born daughter -- when he grows up, he also suffers too.
At the age of five years old, when I should go to school, it stays at home and the school admit to their sisters.
Even the age of 12 years old, in some ways, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when he comes into the adolescence, when he turned 13 years old, he would get a profession out of her house without a male analytic.
He's confined to four walls in his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if he transported the code of that honor course, he could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this supposed code of honor, not only affects the life of a guy, also affects the life of male members of family.
So this brother, he sacrificed the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor of the honor.
And there's a way more of the patriarchal societies that's called obesity.
It's supposed to be a good girl must be very quiet, very humble and very summit.
It's the critic.
The model of a good girl must be scale.
It is supposed to be silent and accept the decisions of their father and his mother and the decisions of the elderly even if he doesn't want to.
If the house with a man who doesn't like it, or if the house with an old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be helpful of debate.
If the young man has to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it despair.
And what happens to the end?
In the words of a poet, "The house, you get it, and then it gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same honor lesson to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
I wanted brothers and sisters, when Malawi, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly born, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at her eyes, believe me, I felt very honored.
And long before I was born, I thought about his name, and he was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Maryna, and he called my daughter like that.
But when I left, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Maleutic.
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, he admitted it in my school.
You might ask, why should I mention a girl of a girl in a school?"
Yes, I have to mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developing countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for the life of girls.
Instructing in a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
An admissions to school means that it has entered the dreams and the aspirations where it can explore its potential for its future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when he turned the Canadian vision form, and he was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the little bits of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my sisters written in no document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters not to his daughters, I thought he had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and satisfaction of my daughter.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage it to go to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've got all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for emotion.
I taught my daughters, teaching students, to forget the lesson of the obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson called suspendent.
I wanted brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and particularly for women.
It was called transition.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use hearts, and they stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the little girls and the singers killed and killed.
They suffered millions, but few people talked about, and it was terrifying to have these people who kill and stop when you talk about your rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10, Malawi was lifted and raised by the right to education.
He wrote a day for the BBC blog, he offered himself for the New York Times documentaries and spoke on every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It's spread like a call around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the October nine of 2012, they shot him on the head.
It was a darkness day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
While my daughter was debating between life and death, I whispered my ear to my wife, "I must blame for what happened to my daughter, your daughter?
And I immediately said, "Please don't blame you.
They define the fair cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter inspired you and joined you.
Both of them were on the right path and God protecting it.
This few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and had severe pain and severe headaches and head headaches because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that stretches through the face of my wife.
But my daughter was never complained, though.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my total smile, and with the rise in my face.
I'm going to get good. Please don't worry.
It was a comfort for us, and it consumes us.
I wanted brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I am pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children and women -- it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't finish his task.
You fight with your siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special about my tutor that has made so audacious to Malawi so brave and expression and economics?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
It doesn't cut your wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the brain science has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Norwegian group of Google, where I've had a diagram to my charge -- the Google X visualization -- but all the work I'm talking about here about the brain science, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you join a brain operation.
Is it still just as smart or not?
Not to be like that, can you be smart?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what quantity to take, more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, it would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mixes of chemicals, and try to get them, to follow life.
More than once I've been saved by little.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses since there really doesn't be a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes, and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed my addiction, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
One particularly impressive case, for a few months, tried dose and chemical chemicals for a young man, and I was surprised by looking at how my thoughts changed.
I was always funny, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  --  -- of course, many times in the past have met several types like this, or maybe some of the stuff that was stuck on.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my big surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a program.
In fact, I was trying to try a bit of insurance, fix a problem that had the front, and just didn't happen like that.
So I couldn't drive it.
I changed my doses.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through -- since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to achieve when I adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and so on, was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
And I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key reference, how I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to do it -- testing new ideas and recreating situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Philosophers like Human, Descartes and Honor see things in a similar way.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are the people who question this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works, to me is simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and inventive thinking.
So after several years, I managed to find the point right and I have lots of great mental measures, really video, well sophisticated and well structures.
Now, I'm working on how I'm going to take these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a cinema director would be able to use its imagination just to steer the world that has the front of the world?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments made by two groups in neuroscience.
Both of them used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain. So here you can see the brain scan made by Kim Gands and their Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image.
The media column shows the brain scan of that same individual while I imagined -- seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by tracking the content of the central column on the left on the left. You see that the difference is almost nuclear.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost nuclear.
Now, let me share you another experiment. This is from Jack Galapago lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves into recognizing visual fields.
Put it this way.
In this experiment, it was shown to people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they scanned their brains to create a big deal of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan I described it to show what seemed the person looking at.
On the right you can see the computer decorations, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us bush.
We're well close to it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you believe in the brain the same map.
This was done with the largest brain scanning systems today, and its resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer me for that.
A lot of people are providing new projects for images, even me. Tell the recent result of MRI -- we should first ask ourselves, this technology will be the end of the road?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets but at this point, bigger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- don't increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: rather than larger magnets -- let's make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different leaders, like doing a spirit.
And why does this matter?
Over the last few years, a lot of effort at MRI was to make really big images, right?
However, most recent advances in revolution of ingenuity and brilliant solutions in coding.
In turn, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns that are strong to the FM radio frequencies of radio.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM processing processing PMS, we can increase the information that can be extracted in a single scene.
In addition, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using the MRI, we should be able to measure not only the fluid of oxygen blood, but the hormones and neuroscientists that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity. This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over the language and communicate directly by thinking about it?
What would we be able?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the Alzheimer's cure and disease.
We have a few choices more than opening this door.
But anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it will take much more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk about this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have armed.
Their armed may be to tell some person for the first time that the love or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have been trapped in life.
All tragics is a difficult conversation, and although our issues can really vary the experience of having lived and getting out of that closet is universal.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the South Side Wallam Carbon, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intensity of the literature military, not to track my armpits, to quote the letters of Anne Day France as a letter.
And I'm going to be sentenced that by the holiday of my short pants and because I had passed my head on a little bit, I would ask myself a little kid, "Hey, are you a boy or a girl?
And it would appear an awkward silence on the table.
I would put my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a range of arms.
And the father would barely hurt the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and I would go inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
I would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a guy or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and I was just about to come into the female issues on the table.  I had the quote by Betty Freeman.
The quote by Gloria Steven.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
So I would breathe down and down the look and my backs, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, look at what is not a challenge for a feminist dumb, just a girl with a question: "Are you a boy or a girl?
So I was going to breathe back again, and I stood up close to it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confusion.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I saw a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, as well as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than a girl of a company comfortable."
And that little girl looked at me and he looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite straw is raped and has a fish.
Can you give me a penision, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the pencil I would?
It was the easiest conversation of all I've ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the park and I, both of us were honest one with the other.
Just like many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color walls are.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
It's like my army is not different than whether or whether or yours.
Sure, I'll give you 100 reasons why out of my closet was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain to someone who has been declared in a broken bank is harder than saying it has been a big?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is more difficult than telling your son of five years to divide you?
There's no more difficult, there is only how hard.
We need to stop classified what is hard about what is difficult to another person to make us feel better or worse relative to our arms and we need to just feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
At some point in our lives, we all live in tragics, and they may make them feel security, or at least security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are, a square is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, who had a horse tail, a dress and high hip shoes.
It was not the military lesbian prepared to fight any four year-old boy coming into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear -- I was walking in a corner of my dark closet pushing my gravity gravel, and moving only a muscle is the most frightening thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers I've spent my entire life trying not to disappoint it, and now the world was turning back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't launch that grandmother, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable largest launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many people between the guests knew that it was gay, and when I did my honor ladies -- in my black dress and talks, I walked around the tables and finally I got to one where the friends of my parents were -- people who knew me were years ago.
And after speaking a moment, one of the women said, "I love Nathan London."
And the battle of the gay clock had started.
"Ahay, once you were in the Carrie?
"Well, yes, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fantastic.
"Hey, you know my strange Antarctica?
It's very good and never talked about having novel.
"Hey, what's your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program?
And you know who loves us? Jack who does?
Jack is our favorite.
And then a woman, discovered but in hopes of showing desperately his support, to make me know that I was from my side, finally he said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink cameras."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as they have all the gravitational landscapes.
Surely, it might have been easy to figure out where they were lowered.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were stripping.
And what else can you ask someone but to figure?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations follow without being my strong point.
Ask anyone with the ones I have left.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Philips Girl.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it involves coming out of any armor is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Think about it. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no arms, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be generous, others have to know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be directly. Just tell you. Ray your paradox.
If you know they're gay, tell me.
If they say to their parents that maybe they might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  Let the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of them can come out safe wounds that they have done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So next time you find in a search dark setting up a gravity, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but you're not.
Thank you, Bouband. Enjoy the vehicle.
Interestingly, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote by Expert Disaster that the question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim out."
When Edeno Disaster wrote this was done as a critical to the pioneers of computing as Alan Turing.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's step back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you are from an alien race, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a tragedy, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're an alien race that doesn't know about this, which has no concept of intelligence on Earth, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that will explain how, to some point in time, the asteroids that will determine the surface of a planet immediately stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led to a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, that I think, towards a single mechanism underlying intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally driven for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for developing universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement planning, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to do complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together together, I asked you, for several years now, is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we could extract from all these different themes that we could extract from all these different issues.
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one and a = the intelligence I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force -- F that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the open choices, with an T, with the diversity of possible future accountability, yes, to an impending future time, take.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to get caught up.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask, "What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Does it predict the level of human intelligence?
Does artificial intelligence predict it?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology has suggested that the universes that produce more destroyed, or entropy, for their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that connection cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find it, we've developed a software engine called European, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system in which you find inside.
Amazingly, Extraceline was able to spend multiple animal intelligence, play human games, and even make money by sending action, all without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Just like a foot of foot without falling up, here we see European balance automatically a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave European a goal.
He just decided for her to balance the post.
This balance ability will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This use of tools of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate pulling out opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that Emergency can do a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Extraction is widely applicable to a variety of domestics.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of punch against itself, illustrate its potential for play.
So here we see European organizing new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the net well connected.
This same network capacity capacity also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see European organizing the routes of a ship fleet -- discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see European spontaneously discovering and running a company strategy, sold in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing the assets under their experimental management.
This risk of risk management will have wide applications in finance and secure.
Alex Wikipedia, what you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as tool use, walking upright and social cooperation -- all of them derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
We went back at the beginning of the use of the robot, the Rosetta work, the research that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion there.
The machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had the whole concept of the cyber rebellion to the investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then memorable and try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise to take control, rather than being the backwards.
Another important consequence is the search for the target.
And they often ask me, "How do you look for objective targets from this kind of market?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a tipping point in human history, something between the conquer of stars and losing the planet we call home."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
NASA Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points to Earth is only one among billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance between them and their mother star.
In conjunction that helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
In turn, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this transition of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is hiding under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the most hot recorded.
Glaciers and sea ice that have been with us for millions are now disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, nor an astronomer or a ambition.
I study the hallucination of the planet influenced by the stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the immersive sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more I look for planets similar to Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Every one of these new worlds invites a comparison between the planet and discovered and the planets we know better, the ones of our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially habitable world showing this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we studied Mars so much.
Our roles like the Curity trace its surface in pursuit of clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, as the Magic mission the Magic mission, take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the possibility of living on Mars.
But even though all these marine images remind us the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with addicted ideas and pioneering ideas, compared to the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that still remain to colonize -- really exhausting places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and more elevated places on Earth, the air is fresh and replaced by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets I have is a big and sad shadow, the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect to save us from this influence of the only planet that we know is really horrible, Earth.
For a lot that I like intellectual exploration, I am deep disagreement with this idea.
There are many good reasons to go to Mars, but saying that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party actually will have place in the wild.  Thank you.
But the targets for interaction exploration and land preservation are not contradicting.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding and preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world look like alien pandemics.
They're just closer to the house.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and the informal areas of the Earth, maybe we could satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the Fermi paradox.
Many years ago, the Enrico Fermi physicist said, to realize that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider to continue to live between the stars, they lose the notion of what's important to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colonization, we will save ourselves from ourselves, but planetary preservation and intellectual exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the habitat on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows and they were all well closed.
I thought about calling a chromosome, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a character could take a lot of time to come in, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning, and it was my passenger and my bag.
It would be expensive, but I sure that no more expensive than a card at night, so I thought, that despite the circumstances, it was good stopped.
I'm a professional neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Corporation that increases the heart rate, model levels of adrenaline and clouds the thinking.
And when I got to the fire show in the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something I could do, systems that I could put in its place, that prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if you happen bad things, that minimize the probability of it being a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't create.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kantarian, who was won from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed I was talking about I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called prosperity reproductive.
It's something he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written this a few years before, known as the print as well.
Everybody knows what the post-consuming is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the print, as Daniel explains Daniel, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong, next, trying to figure out what it can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a promise.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will determine a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothetical, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a follow of the location of important things, where the good thing, where the fish are -- where the fruit trees, where the fruit and enemy tribes live.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is added in the languages of London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if someone really did the experiment, they cut the smell of the shelter and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing cards, reading glasses and pathologies.
So at home they stop a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For their passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular missile.
If you make a place and you're creative with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about travels?
Take a picture of their credit cards, like to drive, passenger, send them to email themselves for them to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can make the sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortex.
Corporation is toxic and entrepreneurial thinking.
So part of the main practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situations than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention, or the one to be wanted, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about very particular medical impact.
But this is prioritized as a propulsion for all made of medical decisions, and in fact for making financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which you would benefit a rational assessment of the facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit."
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, and the heart attack, brain demonstration.
So you are thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the scale, a station."
And maybe you've heard about the statistics, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today, even likely you know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, I remember the station."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistics that you have to ask for most physicians to be asked to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NASA, the number needed to treat.
And what is this, the NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And should you think what kind of static statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not remember anything if I didn't help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not guilty of the doctor, and if it's guilty of someone, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well the underlying mechanisms.
But Mahabana estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only about 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needed to treat the most widely received state, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This according to the research of the cynical researchers Jeremy Greek and Pamela Harvard, confident independently by Lebanon.
I'm exploring the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, breakthrough or another adverse event.
Now you may think, "Well, one probability in 300 of my scale.
Why not, documents? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for one more statistics, and it is, "Doctor of the secondary effects. Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things including muscle pain and articulate pain. Saturday pain, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still taking the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember you don't think of clarity.
So think about how this over time, so they don't have to make the radio chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get rid of the drug that you help your medicine.
I don't say they should or not take the station.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash, but actually this number needed to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that you do in the men over 50, the number 50, the number needed to treat is 49.
So, 49 surgeries for a person who's helped it.
And the side effects in that case are produced in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the impacts or discipline discipline, urban income, recycling, fecal income.
And if you get lucky, it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just going to be a year or two.
So the idea of promise is to think of before time the questions that you can plan to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this stuff in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortex under stress, and one of the things that happens at that point is that a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face in face with a predator -- it doesn't need the digestive system, or the library or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to fast. They could be the lunch of the lions so that none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that are going through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic thinking, like Danny Kantart and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train us to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all defected.
We're all going to fail from the time.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be, to put the systems in the place that will help them minimize damage, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
Rebelieving the night of snow in Montreal when I came back from my journey, my contractor was installed by a combination of combination next to the door, with a key to the entry door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered -- and lots of mail messages I haven't seen.
So I'm not very organized. I see organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Philip, "Fing is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing sure.
If you're playing a musical instrument, you see a fish in the participate, you need to play more sure.
Two percent, even more sense.
Four percent, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing from a planet tree, you see that no matter how many thousand and thousands of "Chee" may have never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American signals system, the ACS, plus a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came over the 1800, and over the course of time, it's mixed with local signs, and it developed the language we know today as AT.
So, it has a story of about 200 years old.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true at all.
Sound is a very important part of my life, really are in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following their rules, controls, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my appliances and amplified sound.
I learn and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example.
"Don't stop the door."
"Don't make a lot of noise by eating the flat potato bag of palameter."
"Don't eradicate, and when you're eating, you're sure not to throw the covers on the string."
This is what I call sound "television?
Maybe I think about the sound tag more than what the average person does.
I am super survey of sound.
And I'm always waiting for the sound, which is to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TEDTAs, to decide to do.
TBP: To keep going.
TBP, to announce it.
You can see the picture doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle boats and manufacturers.
In the deaf culture, the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for performance at the ASA.
A typical picture has five lines.
However, to me, to make it with my thumb so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries -- and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has gone into my art territory now.
Is it going to be more from art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experiment through ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that they had taught me about sound, I decided to leave it and get it.
I started to create a new job of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was an advance, it was something from a person here.
And the sound is so powerful that it could be depressed to me and my artistic job, or I could empower it.
I chose to choose to make it worse.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me about equal and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of ATS.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be listening.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when I borrow their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If it wasn't going to continue with this practice, I feel that I could get involved in forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium -- deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ATM.
For example, a musical note cannot capture and express fully on the paper.
And the same can tell you about a concept in ATS.
The two are very space and highly modeled things that means subtle changes can affect all of the signs as much as the sounds like sound.
I'd like to share a metaphor from the piano, so they understand better how the DNA works.
So imagine a piano.
The DNA is divided in many different dramatic parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for every finger as you touch the piano as the facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of your hand and like that, while you touch the piano, the English is a linear language, as if you put only one keyboard at a time.
However, the DNA is more like a company, you need 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear concept or an idea at AT.
If just a keyboard would change the chord -- it would create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone and shark and volume.
In ATS, using these different dramatic parameters you can express different ideas.
For example, the signature sign in that."
This is the "frozen sign in that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I got stuck.
Uh, oh Oh.
What are you looking at?
Oh, far."
So I started thinking, and if I look at the ATS through music lens.
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign sign -- the sun comes out and it gets it.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it visually looks like a musical piece.
Every day.
I feel like the same thing can tell you about all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of nights: "No, at night,  "All night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ATS, and how the distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one hand, it's a hand, two here, is two hands, the present becomes closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a lot of time."
Then passed, "I used to say and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, there was once.
"Common time." It's a musical term with a specific rate of four times per company.
However, when I see the word "common time, I think automatically at the same time.
See MD: Right, right, left hand.
We have the picture through the head and the chest.
(Music: MD: Marriage garden?  The chest, E, garden flash." I'm going to show you a form of hand called "Gammary Flash."
Can you do it with me?
All of the hands in high hand.
We're now going to do it both on the head like the chest, something like common time."
Yeah, great.
That means "love in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and language languages around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means collaboration at the ACS.
Now, the third one. Please follow me again.
And again.
It's "light in the ACS.
We're going to do the three together.
"Wonder, collaboration and "minimality."
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different means.
It's amazing to see how the DNA is alive and prostitutes, like music.
However, today, we live in a very unified world.
And only because the DNA doesn't have sound, automatically doesn't have social value.
We have to start questioning what social value defines and allowing the DNA to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that they don't have to be deaf to learn ATS.
The DNA is a rich tea and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dean Kahraisha, Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can put it all up, but then you have to clean it up.
freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble bubble or a bubble bubble to say, because adults lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also transcend and that they're not very good at cleaning each other.
Time country, I'm now an adult and I teach citizen and invention in Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait very much for my students to walk through the beach with a lot of garbage monstress.
So as good citizens, we cleaned up the beaches and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's kind of supermassive.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years old, we dreamed of inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this work of work with underlying height, so that the very cheap kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools are feeling great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect plastic and reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its farm.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them into something that we expect it to work.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic chunks we just collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- children are excited about robots.
Then we created quickly what we call a prototype.
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and web cameras, and we assemble it in a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and by the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic bits floating slowly through the sensor while the onboard computer will process this image and measure the size of every particle to get an extra estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention of step on a website for inventors called "Sterchusin: with the hope that someone else even further.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and they are trying to solve it immediately.
"I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they take the Internet, and they played with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning up an oil spill. Just using the hands, in Sanitarity, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that drink, it's the water where they fall down, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown and the mud and oil are also color colors, and when it all mixes up, it's very difficult to see what is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectacular, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can be stored through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We outfitted this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
"I can research a distant problem: I saw myself forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that there are several giant waves, called tension, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant of Fukushima, a nuclear central close to water.
And today, according to an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has contacts for System.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure the Rulin radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it looks like most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has a secure, is blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fuzzy every year from the accident and research in independent ways with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring the children.
Of course, we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported to the control center, you see the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with radiation all their lives.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day and talked about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the industrial, etc.
And to do this, we created a government map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pictures to represent data in real time of radiation, and we slow water to simulate rain.
So with this, we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the river system and described in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We came up to 1.5 miles from the nuclear center, and with the help of fishermen in the area we were collecting the sense of sea milk with a seduction tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple source technologies.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even begun to try to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit so small so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we become the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical oil, basically you can build almost all of it.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Accelerator." Activity."
Cell Harvard, we asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age population transform their standard wheelchair chairs into new electric vehicles.
Plastic, oil and radical are legally legal, but the worst legacy that we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect the children from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators companies, sales, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that I can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin cops, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk thread.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
You impose about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, another one.
Michelangelo Angeles said that when he looked at the smoke in book, he saw a figure that fights to be free.
The mycelium was only tool of Michelangelo.
But the living ones are not silent.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we took all the information to it for every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by regulation regulations and mass production.
The assembly lines have documented a world made of parts by taking advantage of the imagination of designers and architects to think about their objects like discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find homogenesis of human material in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin streets are thin with dialogues discussion.
The skin skin is more thick with little pores in the back.
You act mainly as filters -- the other mainly as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin -- there are no parts, no sharks.
It's a system that will gradually vary its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work today between the prison and the gene, between the machine and the organization, between the transmitter and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, try to join these two visions of the world, moving away from the assembly and bringing growth to growth.
You probably wonder, "Why now?
Why was it not possible this 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where four discipline discussions that offer designers access to the tools we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scale, big scale, such as this robotic arm with a 24 meters scope of a digital basis that some day not very distant to print entire buildings, and graphic balloons made of genetically modified microbes that shine in the dark.
So here we have reinvented the cell, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each openness is the unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a falling. This was for a fashion desert from Paris with Iran van Heroishobe. It's like a second skin made from one piece -- regulator in the controls, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and it takes 3D without coasts between cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 minutes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CEO scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution analytical and synthetic instruments allow us to design products that adapt not just the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the time of structural and comfortable and also it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator -- we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irrelevant pattern -- it becomes surgery.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in rigorous, point and color, correspond to pressure points in the human body.
Its surface, like in nature, vary its functionality not by the addition of another material or another, but varied continuously and deliberately material property.
But is it ideal nature?
No parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories from the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and made a lot about what matters me.
Like she replaced, "In the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit tree of fruit."
For that first frustrating tree, there would be no difference between tribe, branches and leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees grow with branches and cortex, workshops and flowers.
The land created a world made from parts.
I often wonder, "What would be the design if the objects were made from one piece of piece?
We'll go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of fruit tree with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant book on the planet is called taking takeo, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, schools and marine.
We think that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multi-touch structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marine marketing.  So we asked a lot of shrimp husks -- we put them up and we produced burn pastor.
So voting chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the large-scale structures, a system was built with multiple extractions of extraction controlled by return.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material 3,000 feet long, 100 percent recently.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain photo-taste microbes that appeared for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we include the bacteria designed genetically to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of the movie and if it gets even more, to windows.
A brutal tree loaded from fruit.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part, for objects designed to break, put in the sea, feed the marine life, and put it on the ground, help grow a tree.
The adult for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic table, we made our own table of items, new forms of life created computational -- manufactured in addition and increased biological form.
I like to think about synthetic biology such as liquid acceleration, just that instead of bringing precious metal metals, new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, we combine two microbes.
The first is the secretary.
It lives in our oceans and in the sweet water stations.
And the second, E. color, the bacteria that inhabit the human intestine.
One turns the light in sugar, the other one consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but by design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive journey, which will help them flow these bacteria and alter their function on the way.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, looking at the properties of material according to the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photographs, we designed more transparent channels.
This prototype digestive system, when it would stretch from one end to another, about 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin gut.
And here it is, as a prison at TED, our first portable philosophy, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shek said, "We are creatures past, only half is done."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase life matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, they would repair the damaged tissue.
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
So you know that a 3D printer is known in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It grows. Stay with sophistication.
This worm of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which it is metaphorized.
The nonprofit manufacturing is about this level of socialization.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different focus.
An act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, with those fibers each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first gets in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to hit a compression.
Tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm of silk worker.
However, by putting silk worm on a flat park, not within a box, we realized that he would take a flat car and still metaboly marriage.
So we started designing different environments -- different scaffolding -- and we've discovered that the shape, the composition -- the structure of the capital -- is directly transmitted by the environment.
They often have the silk worms to death inside their caps, their silk is drawn and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we could shape the raw silk without a single capita.
They would be moralitarily metaphorically metaphorically metabolized, and we could create these things.
So we scan this process to the architectural scale.
We had a hair robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk worms migrate to more dark and cold areas -- so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or openness, to block the rays of light and heat and distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the origins.
We asked 650 worms of silk to an online silk farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to hail with us.
We placed them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding and as they did, they created, they were put up, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
By the same biological silk on the steel silk, they give all of this pavilion their integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 650 worms of silk turn 65 miles away.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The hills, after the ecology, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional paintings in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk ship through a robotic arm, the other one filled empty.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must join these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, that leads us from a design inspired by nature to a nature inspired by us, for the first time, that we make care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked you what you want to be more?
If you had to remember what age did you have when you first asked you this?
You can show it with your fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be more?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be more?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
And in school, I liked English and the killing and the art and developed websites -- I mean, I played the guitar in a pandemic named Telephony Freud.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this sense of burglass, this feeling of, is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I was interested in another thing, which is totally different, and I joined it in it, and I let me absorb and feel "Yes, I've found my months, and then again this point where I start to get bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I would like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all my other passions, and give me to be bored.
Another reason why I became so anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there would be something wrong with this, and something wrong with me not to say at all.
I was concerned to be afraid of engagement, or being dispersed, or to stab or my own success.
If you can relate to my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have planted then.
Ask yourself, where they learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned it from culture.
We are asked first, "What do you want to be more?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is, nobody cares about what you answer that age.
You consider an naive question to provide cute answers in kids like, "I will be analytical or be a dancer, or "I want to be a piece."
You show the Dallas design here.
So this question is done over and over again as we grow up in different ways, P, finger, to high school students are asked you are going to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before it takes us the dream.
Why?
If this issue inspired children to dream with what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, just the opposite of it, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though adults well tried and say, "Oh, what cute, but you can't be artist of rape and psychology.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Chiles  and he's a virus and philosophical artist.
And this Amy NGO, a magazine editor turned into intelligence, empathy, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real vaccine, the idea that each of us has something to do for their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multiplication.
A multiplicity is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a box that would say.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple and potential and father.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a scholar as a scholar record.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was well sold in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Share refers to us as "feeding?
They use any term they like or invent one own.
It seems like a kind of sort of adapt to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see multiplexing as a limitation or aspiration that you should versus.
But what I've learned to talk to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths when it's this way.
Here are three multiplication superpowers here.
One: ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new in the intersection.
This Haircha and Rachel Bill expressed their interests shared in cartography, data, travel, mathematics and design, by founding Messergenzeer.
Messcrement is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
The Stage and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in the interactions.
There are new ideas.
And multiple, with all their ancestors, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multiplication superpower is fast learning.
When the multiple people are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to being principles, because it has been many times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid to test new things and get out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we do, so we rarely start from zero.
Norman Dune is a full-time journey and writing independent.
As a young child a child perceived an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanism of the known.
Before I became a writer, North was financial planning.
He had to learn the most final selling mechanics when he started their practice, and this ability helps him write compelling launch for the editors of the editors for the editors to write about.
It rarely is a waste of time to be able to do what you get to you, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have anticipated.
The third military superpower is adaptation. That is, the ability to transform in anything you need in a given situation.
Open Carloat is sometimes director of videos -- other videos, websites, websites, sometimes consultant cocktails, sometimes teachers, and sometimes, apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take different roles -- depending on the needs of his clients.
The magazine Ford Company defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and unlikely that these are the individuals and organizations that can be able to state to satisfy the needs of the market, which really thrive.
Ideas of ideas, quickly learning and adaptation: three skills where the multinational are very textile, and three skills that you could lose if you're prepared to reduce your goals.
As a society, we have a big interest in encouraging the multiplexing to the multiplexes themselves.
We have complex problems, multiplexing right now, and we need creative creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams come from a specialists and a multiplication participated.
The specialists can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and the multiplicity offers a amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that organize the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, multiple men in large part are encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
I once said that, if there's one thing you take out of this talk, I hope it's this: recognize with the inner wire, whatever it is.
If you're a heart specialist, then, special for all media.
That's where you give the best of you.
But for the multiplexing in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, recognize with your many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those congress margins.
They explore the interactions.
And embracing our inner cable leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multiplicity, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1995, a woman called Australia took her to a psychiatric in French.
He used to choose and couldn't remember even the most basic details in his life.
His doctor was called Alexander.
Alexander didn't know how to help Australia, but he came through her until he unfortunately died in 1908.
After his death, Alexanders did an autonomy and found strange and eye plates in the Australia brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If he had been alive today, we couldn't give her more help than the Aliss gave him 14 years ago.
Alexander was Dr. Alexander Alzheimer's.
And August Deterio, the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1903, medicine has advanced a lot.
And antibiotics have been discovered and vaccines to protect us from the infections, a lot of treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV, statistics for cards and much more.
But it has been programmed in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live up to the age of 85 or more, the possibility of Altrais will be almost one in two.
In other words, there's the chance that they pass their daily years with Alzheimer's or helping a friend of mine or being loved with Alzheimer's.
In America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and its costs prevent an increase of five times in 2050, as it aging the generation of the baby baby.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the largest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the 10 first death causes from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that cannot prevent you, cure or even balance their development.
We understand less of Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should say, Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14 years, all of all, scientists, conflict Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you just have to look at a picture of a healthy human brain compared to an Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to designing a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduced significantly life expectancy and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strange waves in the Bush brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places in the paper that are deconstructive.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are left on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules play each other, forming groups that can form big plates and eyes.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at the University of Cambridge trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what happens to block is complex, like declarating a bomb.
Court a cable could do anything.
Court others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does.
Until recently, most of you have reduced the wires and expected the best.
But now there is a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, generations, chemistry, engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that blocks specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our latest results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when I test these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move normally.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are pasting each other inside them, as in humans with Alzheimer's humans.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But when we give our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see they healthy and live a normal life.
This is just a positive result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 14 years of wait, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But in order to grow that hope, the Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we try it, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move in the treatment of HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims caregivers of their dear day and night, are often too destroyed to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not -- in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain is running the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk about them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Modern column in the New York Times in January of this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience by testing myself one night from the past summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: two strangers are touristed to make 36 questions increasingly personal and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up with a quality or skill, what would it be?"
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And how?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30, this really likes me. Tell your partner what you get from it or it -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to somebody who you have ever met.
When I stumbled up with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the chemotherapy that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was a skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, it was also intrigued.
And when I had a chance to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in.
However, we love and   And I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the company love Modern Modern a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably ask you to ask together, are you going to keep you together?
And the reason I think you're questioning this is because you've done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, the article was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been used to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog input can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just my friends from Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times was probably a few thousand views.
And that was a good attention charge in a relatively new relationship.
But as it was like, I had no idea.
The article published online a Friday night, and already the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And the date, I had already called the Straw Shooting and the American Moral America.
In a month, the article received over eight million views, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust by writing with sync about their own loving experiences, but another thing is to find that the loving life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they always ask the same question: Do they still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search at the bomb of my email with the phrase, "Do they still follow together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and strands like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and they asked it.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman screamed to the stage, "Hey Mandela where your boyfriend is?
And immediately I got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable to ask about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the response of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have come out of life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complicated article for St. Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all of this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both make a public approach together.
I remember television interviews, and you cut out the pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the inefter of the lovely ice process in the training process, a range for which I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really works, whether it was able to produce low-cost love, not just an adventure, but real love love love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship was just a few months, and I felt, especially that people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if we were going to go together or not, and you will tell you to decide?
If the answer was not, did the experience of making these 36 learners less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I searched to foster interpersonal performance between university students, using what Aaron called a sustainable personal Operator, programmed and record.
Sounds romantic. Right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closer after doing it. Several post-construct studies were also used by the Roman River Protocell Protocell as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the members of the police and the community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, who combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and told me with text: I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed descended by it.
And I said, "Do you mean that you love the person who you did that?
Well, he made a break.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But became better friends?
Do you feel that you managed to know better after testing the study?
He sang.
So, it works, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you is looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled up with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was running a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was basically all my adult life, and he was my first true love -- and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I moved in science.
I researched everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow make the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time, I thought I was only researching for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was involved with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and used as I felt then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than what they reasonably can demand me.
What I'm looking for from love is a garage, not just to be admired today and to be a morning, but that I'll keep being loved by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if they were still together.
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in.
There may be a way for some way to mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I asked, are they still following together?
And his content with a response of Yes or not.
So more than a question, I propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, "How do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things compute them, and how do you know when you cut and distract?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the short version of the history of my relationship, this is this one -- a year ago, a known and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we love it, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But it's not the same thing to stay love.
To love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, "Love didn't happen.
We stay in love because we take the choice to be.
And I get a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I had not considered everything that was supposed to be that choice.
I don't consider how many times we would have both of that decision to make that decision, and how many times it will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before it will always pick me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and love and fun and express that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really believe really.
And what I look for, and what I may spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the very happy end of the title of my paper, which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I didn't really write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and the hope he would also love me, and it's terrifying but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few limits in a mountain floor, and in a way, I got like a forest of the forest.
I was in New York City.  Something that really affected me, but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
And I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar bill. A pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humanoid humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat spaghetti spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has funny because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuse and surround and all those weird things, and I was making a film for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I opened up all the pages and I made a kind of capital clothes to the Alan Martin style -- the resident covers and a bee was caught up.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resistance in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed like it increased size, as if you look at the text with a magnifying light.
So I did -- I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was finding on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow the ships, draw the same that you do around a chain in the crime scene.
And I took the objects and I created my own self-interest of inventions invented.
First of all, businesses, you can get an idea.
Then I did some insects and weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw on the resident layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to take my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Syria.
It was great, man.
At some point I was interested in human form, natural size sculptures with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resistance was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window -- then in another window -- and another window -- and I had all these windows together who were a three-dimensional composition.
And this really works, and so I could stop using the resident.
So I did this for years, and my work collapsed with something very big, I call a tracking."
For the artist, I was inspired by a big measure in "The Garden of Hyder Boston Departments who is a painting at the Museum of the meadow in Spain.
You know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the artist." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left is Jesus and the long.
There's a cave where all these creatures in animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the representation world, this infrastructure of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed into the face, ready to stay in mass running in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird girl attached to a camera.
Billy Graham is in the sea. The Horro -- the operating platform of the device. Walker, the refugee of Osama Bin Laden, there are all kinds of rare things that you can find if you look very well at the ocean.
Anyway, it's also a kind of a crowd.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it takes oil in a hand while the other hand comes out of clouds.
Their hands are like balances, and it looks like a micro-machine that holds the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's one aspect of the artist."
It's a little narrative.
That's the hand that I species.
And then when you go on the other side, you have a train, like a bird shadow, and you spit clouds of this train.
It also has a 5,000-dollar tail, a series of snake that joins the publisher."
Anyway, his tail is finishing fire when they put on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a clothing ice balloon.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards from the terrorists.
All over your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, you're called photographics.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each is an archive of our culture, through media and material are electrical, dictionary or magazine.
But each one acts as a kind of an archive in a way of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're as cells, they together, they divide them.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each is basically a microscope purpose that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped in its inside.
This one has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- there's the chest, you can get the input in.
I'll take you for the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or noted, or whatever it is, a kind of additional thing.
It's a quick portrait of these works because I can't explain to you for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body party by half.
This one has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that go out and go into the head of this strange status.
There is a little forest scene inside the total camera.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pierro Words.
Within this box there is a physical, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio email, a muscle, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
Let's make the box and all of the people in collide with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way we change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we come to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, of borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with dramatic and generally we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give your head?
They take a spark.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first it goes through stomach, interest and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and industrial system, so that any medical drug effect in the body.
The depression, though, is that when you bring it any drug display.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of virus in the blood, and increase the CEO of CD cells.
But they are also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative. Because in time they take to get to the blood stream, they divide, and even worse for the time they take to get to their destination, which is where it is more important, in the design of HIV.
These are regions of the body like the lymph gangs, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is individually indicated, and it doesn't easily go into the blood stream of the patients who are supporting regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the interaction of treatment, viruses can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment of life admired by the oral going.
And one day, I sat and I thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the design of the virus, without the risk of difficulty of decisions?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If they're used in the career, for the care of wounds and surgery surgery, they can be used for whatever imagined stuff, including the extracellular transportation of medicine.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best thing is, "How is that possible?
We sent a small little laser laser on the cell membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbes.
First of all, the hole is replaced immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we're going to make an incentive on the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head -- an inventor that distributes the drug -- releases it directly in the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to total HIV eradication of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying armed groups not statistically, armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to better understand these generating agents of violence and study ways of encouraging the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, not violent.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost everything in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a disaster between states.
Not anymore.
It's now a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 21st peace agreed between 1975 and 2011, 1966 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- we even need to engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict.
But how do you do it?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and non-linear policies are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Lebanon Lebson, known for its violent performance against Israel.
Since its creation in the 1980s, Meshwalth has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Hamain Palestinian Palestine, known for their suicide attacks against Israel, also runs the Gaza Park since 2007.
So these groups do more than simply disappearing.
They're multiplicity.
They set up a complex machine of communication, radio stations. TV channels, Internet web and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the IIs magazine, print in English and published to recruit it.
armed groups also invest in a complex rectangle of food floods, but by retrofitted businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else, create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they have professional training programs or microscope.
Mell offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population to offer something that the state doesn't grow, security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn out of the war or even the beginning of the Is the Israel advance, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election of 2006 of the Palestinian House cannot understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid groups.
They grow because they fill up gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and they give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated things are these organizations, less we can tell them as something opposite to a state.
How do you call a group like Mesh?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their function, they collect the garbage, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a replicating group.
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is Is?
The lines display.
We live in a world of states, and without state and hybrid nations, and the more weak the states, as in the Middle East today, more intervene and fill that gap out of non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling out that government vacuum has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and consume peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we will understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new disaster between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but it will not give us peace or stability.
In order to achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that government vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a beginning.
Thank you.
I am a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very often, but I fear accepting openly the "female tag would be unfair for females.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And so I'm so accelerated as a bad feminist of it.
Or, at least I wrote an article and a book called "The bad Feminist: and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Malay Feminist.
So what started as a personal joke destroyed to myself and a deliberate calculation, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years old, I had strange ideas about females, these furry women, angry with the men and they hated sex -- as if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and the anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at that time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I was going to dive that it could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was a conference, a word table and depressing.
They took me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which he asks too much, with high self-esteem and he dare to believe it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that regulator woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud to be.
For me, certain claims are intrigues: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same street for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible ways and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or evaluation doctors.
We have the right to the respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you need to have in account our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender of gender, religion and sexuality condition, social conditions, skills and much more.
We have to have in account these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusive, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make a bad feminist of me.
I have another confession here.
When I drive to work, I hear rap music painting to all volume.
Although the letter degraded to women, and I really offended the classic "Tall Share Scalia of the Air San Twin is incredible.
"I do it really with your wet t-shirt.
Door, give up, move until you hit the cow."
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely overwhelmed by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the raise of junk care, the care care and the maintenance of machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy the fashion magazine and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Bachebash and the romantic comedies, and I have absolute fantasies of the stories that are made reality.
Some of my fingers are more desperated.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it is his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is convinced so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose to.
We solved this problem.
He rejected conventional feminist that has ignored or developed historically the needs of color women, workers and gay and transgendered women, to favor of white women, healthy, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminism -- I'm a very bad female.
It also happens this: as a feminist I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put females in a penis.
We expect you to get rid of perceivitation.
When they decorate, we would take them with a lot of like the same pesticide where we put them.
As I said, I'm a mess. I already consider myself on that fish before you try to put it there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be labeled as feminists.
They're afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm feminist, for fear of what that sticker means -- for fear not to be able to meet with the very realistic expectations.
Let's take Behala, or as I call it, the Diegel.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist in the last few years.
In the Adam Museum of 2014, in Mahalian, act in front of the word "magic of three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star star open up openly the feminist and make women know the young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
The time, the cultural critics started undergraduated arguments if Beech was or not exactly feminist.
They called their feminism instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand the phenomena of the feminist because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much a lot.
We go far beyond the critical and constructive criticism to design the feminism of any woman, to break it up until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The evil female, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of parties.
But what happens next?
We went to recognize our implications to realize, go to action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I hear degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we took change affecting their profit.
No doubt is hard.
Why does his music have to be so powerful?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice.
But when the bad decisions are justify that makes it harder for women to achieve equality, equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my supercomputers, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant, and also very brave. I want you to grow up in a world.
Where they are appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think about them, all of a sudden, the best option is simulated as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is dealing with sexual violence against women as sports -- the Transition game.
We can change radio email when we hear songs that treat women as nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema somewhere else when movies are not treating women more than decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners like bombing stories.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include an enough number of women, both to participate and make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your published, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are overwhelmed but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision poses.
Because we're not very perfect. No longer these efforts, no adopting these positions.
We can make these little acts of value and expect our decisions to get to the top, to people in the leading and producers of cinema and music producers and musicians, the legislators that can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and significant change.
We can also be able to save our female will, well, bad, or any of us.
The last line of my book "Mala Feminist: says, "I'll be a bad feminist not to be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say that, especially because I put my voice to me and the feminist helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to address what happened.
A couple of kids told me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was anything.
I started to believe it wasn't anything.
They stole my voice, and after everything I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And with it again.
I remember in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and female, I also discovered that if I was a little bit courageous, another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the human reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little bit courageous, when you need such a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 13 children in California had measles for having visited Dinosaur or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then go through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Freedom.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a depressing immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century ago, but many of the children involved in the Brother Dinnerosity didn't have been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly even worse, autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that was unleashed by autism and devices and declared and decreased for being a fruit by the British Medical Jordan Mediter."
Does it not create most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stable?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines will put their children in their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the emergence of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and the pediatrician I had heard about it, they create all their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, prevalence estimates were just three or four children per 10,000 children per 100,000.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers began to shoot up.
Organizations like full fundraising organizations like autism Spits are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic as if it could tell another child in Denna.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Centers of Disease Disease Center what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases as "bright diagnostic criteria and a better detection of cases to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't divide a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks at the face of his two years old, visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s decide?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened is that what happened is less to do with slow progress and car charge than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kanne, from the Hospital Johnson Hopkins Hospital -- in 1993, Kansas published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be private worlds, the minimum people around them, even their own parents.
They could fun for hours waving their faces, but they were prey from the panic by the meetings like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanzi speculated that autism is very rare.
By the end of 1950, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of its syndrome as I collect references of places as far as South Africa.
This is not really strong, because the Kentaries of Kanzi for autism diagnosis were very resilient.
For example, described to give that diagnosis to children with conventions, but now we know that epilepsy, it's very common in autism.
It once was found that he had turned to nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to his office, without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanne was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not accurate.
It captured autism as a form of childhood physicists caused by cold parents and disappointed.
These kids, he said, have been held carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that clustered in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies, before I turned the two years.
When her mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Beat.
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills -- it would take things like children were simply recording what they had heard to their pediatrician parents, desperate to win their approval for.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible to the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the Kanda theory that autism was weird.
Lord Window, the cognitive psychology of London, thought that the theory of the Kenyan mothers from Kanzi was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John was warm people and adversarians, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susha.
Louis and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Switzerland without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families, Lord and their colleague, Judith Gulf decided to do something that should be 30 years before.
They did a research study in the general population.
They felt a suburb from London called Cambridge to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What you saw is that the Kandel model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't speak at all, whereas others were scratched in their fascination by the astrophysics, in the dinosaurs or the genius of the reason.
In another way, these kids didn't fit on nice and stranged squares as Judian, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolith model of Kanzi would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been perceived from these kids before?
But then I found a reference to an article published in German in 1994, the next year in Kandel article -- and then I forgot -- buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this piece of competition, but it avoided entropy to mention in his own work.
There was not even one translation to English, but luckily, Lord spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Alphabi, who runs an integrated clinic.
The ideas of Asperger's teaching children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kinds of exercises with music, and children followed their games for the afternoon.
Rather than blaming autism, Alpha described it as a political disability for life that required compassionate forms of support and spaces adapted during the course of life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Alexander called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help in the developing methods of education that were especially suitable for them.
And fundamentally, Alpha saw autism as a diverse continuum that would take an amazing variety of donors and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, seeing aspects of this continent in archives known in the pop culture as the strange social scientist and the distributed teacher.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a hint of autism is essential.
Louis and Judith discovered that Kanzi was wrong when autism was infected, as well as parents were the causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatrists to expand the diagnoses of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called autistic spectrum.
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into victim, tracking the limited model of Kanzi by a broad and inclusive aspect.
These changes don't fall in a broken room.
In particular, when Louis and Judith worked between baseball to reform these criteria. People around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before "Ram Man came out in 1988, just a little circle, looking at experts knew what the autism, but after the unexpected act of Dustin Homo and Ranger Babbage and Rediscool Man with four members of the Academy -- periods, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Ram Man changes the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism.
The number of diagnoses started to elevate, just like Louis and Judith were actually expected that it was, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that deserve.
So Andrew Walter came to blame vaccines for the increase in diagnosis, and a simple, powerful story and surgery story as bad as Kanne theory that autism was infected.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in five children in America are in the spectrum -- it's right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve for the new medical advances -- taking the term neurological term to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows does not mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and it suffers from an attention to the details.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Alpha, which believed that the cure for the most intricate aspects of autism are in understanding the teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zark Japanese once said, "We need all the hands in cover to bridge the boat of humanity."
As we navigate towards the uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
